"artist","song","lyrics"
"Richie Havens","""From the Prison""",NA
"Richie Havens","""Get Together""",NA
"Richie Havens","""From the Prison"" (reprise)",NA
"Richie Havens","""I'm a Stranger Here""",NA
"Richie Havens","""High Flying Bird""","""There's a high flyin' bird, flying way up in the sky, And I wonder if she looks down, as she goes on by? Well, she's flying so freely in the sky. Lord, look at me here, I'm rooted like a tree here, Got those sit-down, Can't cry Oh Lord, gonna die blues. Now the sun it comes up and lights up the day, And when he gets tired, Lord, he goes on down his way, To the east and to the west, He meets God every day. Lord, look at me here, I'm rooted like a tree here, Got those sit-down, can't cry Oh Lord, gonna die blues. Now I had a woman Lord, she lived down by the mine, She ain't never seen the sun, Oh Lord, never stopped trying. Then one day my woman up and died, Lord, she up and died now. Oh Lord, she up and died now. She wanted to fly, And the only way to fly is die, die, die. There's a high flyin' bird, flying way up in the sky, And I wonder if she looks down as she goes on by? Well, she's flying so freely in the sky. Lord, look at me here, I'm rooted like a tree here, Got those sit-down, can't cry, Oh, Lord, gonna die blues. "" Share lyrics ×"
"Richie Havens","""I Can't Make It Anymore""",NA
"Richie Havens","""With a Little Help from My Friends"" (Beatles cover)",NA
"Richie Havens","""Handsome Johnny""","Hey, look yonder, tell me what's that you see Marching to the fields of Concord? Looks like Handsome Johnny with a musket in his hand Marching to the Concord war, hey, marching to the Concord war Hey, look yonder, tell me what's that you see Marching to the fields of Gettysburg? Looks like Handsome Johnny with a flintlock in his hand Marching to the Gettysburg war, hey, marching to the Gettysburg war Hey, it's a long hard road, it's a long hard road It's a long hard road, hey, before we'll be free Hey, look yonder, tell me what you see Marching to the fields of Dunkirk? Looks like Handsome Johnny with a carbine in his hand Marching to the Dunkirk war, hey, marching to the Dunkirk war Hey, look yonder, tell me what you see Marching to the fields of Korea? Looks like Handsome Johnny with an M1 in his hand Marching to the Korean war, hey, marching to the Korean war Hey, it's a long hard road, it's a long hard road It's a long hard road, hey, before we'll be free Hey, before we'll be free Hey, look yonder, tell me what you see Marching to the fields of Vietnam? Looks like Handsome Johnny with an M15 Marching to the Vietnam war, hey, marching to the Vietnam war Hey, look yonder, tell me what you see Marching to the fields of Birmingham? Looks like Handsome Johnny with his hand rolled in a fist Marching to the Birmingham war, hey, marching to the Birmingham war Hey, what's the use of singing this song Some of you are not even listening Tell me what it is we've got to do, wait for our fields to start glistening Hey, wait for the bullets to start whistling Hey, here comes a hydrogen bomb and here comes a guided missile Here comes a hydrogen bomb, I can almost hear its whistle I can almost hear its whistle Share lyrics ×"
"Richie Havens","""Strawberry Fields Forever / Hey Jude"" (Beatles covers)",NA
"Richie Havens","""Freedom (Motherless Child)"" (improvised lyrics[5])",NA
"Sweetwater","""Motherless Child""","Sometimes I feel like a motherless child Sometimes I feel like a motherless child Sometimes I feel like a motherless child And I'm alone, and I'm alone away from my home Sometimes I feel like if I'm almost gone Sometimes I feel like if I'm almost gone Sometimes I feel like if I'm almost gone And I'm aloneand I'm la la la la la la alone and I'm alone Away from my home, from my home Sometimes I feel like there's nobody there Sometimes I feel like there'sno no no nobody there Sometimes I feel like there'snobody there And I'm aloneand I'm la la la la la la alone and I'm real lonely From my home x 8 Share lyrics ×"
"Sweetwater","""Look Out""","Look out, somebody's comin' He's got the key to your door He ain't who you thought of He's not what you're lookin' for Let's go to the city Put down your papa's rake and hoe I'll bring you love and money Ooh Look out, somebody's comin' He's got you on the list He'll take the time to haunt you Tempt you with the things you missed I want you to remember my face Heaven's not real This is the place Hey, hey, hey Look out, somebody's comin' Still you don't believe he's there He says you been sold Honey, you say you don't care Share lyrics ×"
"Sweetwater","""For Pete's Sake""",NA
"Sweetwater","""Day Song""","Captain sailed the ship today Old Love, she just sighed Met his mother on the way They stopped and cried Cat on the sill See the sad rain fall Do as you will I love you more than all Old Love sailed the ship today Captain he just sighed Met her father on the way They stopped and cried Cat on the sill See the sad rain fall Do as you will I love you more than all Sing the song of sailin' away Sing it from your heart Sing the song of sailin' away Even though we part Share lyrics ×"
"Sweetwater","""What's Wrong""","""WHAT'S WRONG"" What's wrong in our schools? Politicians are blowing their cools Over they who refuse to follow the rules Though they should be separate dealings What's wrong at the zoo? The animals sense our fear showing through Our facade yet there's not a thing they can do It's hurting their poor helpless feelings What's wrong? Chorus: What is wrong? What is wrong? What 's wrong with our folks? Strong and solid as hundred year oaks So firm in their ways They think we are jokes They just don't know why What's wrong in their head? Won't they just try to see it once our way instead? If they did then there wouldn't be any more dead No reason to cry Chorus What's wrong in your heart? Do you feel that soon mankind and reason will part? As each day worsens you fear we will start On that anxiously dark endless journey What's wrong with this top? As it spins each year gives us a worsening crop Of hatred that one day could cause it to stop A lesson we all could be learning What's wrong? Chorus (repeats) Share lyrics ×"
"Sweetwater","""My Crystal Spider""",NA
"Sweetwater","""Two Worlds""","I've got two worlds But I don't belong I've two ways Neither's very strong Chorus: But, I'm singing songs and working too hard I can't stop living I never get tired I've got two loves To keep me satisfied No lovin' pain Ever made me cry Not afraid, I just want more The things I've got Are all that I'm living for Chorus Pay my rent Right on time I drink good whiskey But I shine on wine There's lots of places I've got to go There's lots of people I've got to see That's how I know this good life Was meant for me Chorus I've two worlds Baby, won't you come along We'll have good times A little sinnin' won't be wrong Even though my heart and soul are free Come along baby, have some good livin' with me Chorus You know, Inever get tired You know I never get tired Never, never, never. Share lyrics ×"
"Sweetwater","""Why Oh Why""",NA
"Sweetwater","""Let the Sunshine In""",NA
"Sweetwater","""Oh Happy Day""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""Jennifer""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""The Road to Travel""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""I Wondered Where You'd Be""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""She's Gone""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""Things Are Goin' My Way""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""And When It's Over""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""Jeanette""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""America""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""A Note That Read""",NA
"Bert Sommer","""Smile""",NA
"Tim Hardin","""How Can We Hang On to a Dream?""",NA
"Tim Hardin","""Once-Touched by Flame""",NA
"Tim Hardin","""If I Were a Carpenter""","If I were a carpenter, and you were a lady Would you marry me anyway? Would you have my baby? If a tinker were my trade, would you still find me Carrying the pots I made following behind me? Save my love through sorrow save my love for lonely I given you my tomorrow, love me always If I worked my hands in wood, would you still love me? Answer me, quick [Incomprehensible] above me If I were a miller, at a mill wheel grinding Would you miss your color box, your soft shoes shining Save my love through loneliness, save my love for sorrow I give you my onlyness give me your tomorrow If I were a carpenter, and you were a lady Would you marry me anyway? Would you have my baby? Share lyrics ×"
"Tim Hardin","""Reason to Believe""","If I listened long enough to you I'd find a way to believe that it's all true Knowing that you lied straight faced while I cried Still I look to find a reason to believe Someone like you makes it hard to live Without somebody else Someone like you makes it easy to give Never thinking of myself If I gave you time to change my mind I'd find a way to leave the past behind Knowing that you lied straight faced while I cried Still I look to find a reason to believe Someone like you makes it hard to live Without somebody else Someone like you makes it easy to give Never thinking of myself If I gave you time to change my mind I'd find a way to leave the past behind Knowing that you lied straight faced while I cried Still I look to find a reason to believe Still I look to find a reason to believe Still I look to find a reason to believe Share lyrics ×"
"Tim Hardin","""You Upset the Grace of Living When You Lie""",NA
"Tim Hardin","""Speak Like a Child""","Your hair hangs in golden steps You're a bonafide in every respect You are walking through streets that mean nothing to you You believe you're above it and I don't really blame you Maybe that's why you speak like a child, The things you're saying like ""I'm so free and so wild"" And I believe it when you look in my eyes, You offer me a life, and never lies Least only the kind to make me smile Your clothes are clean and your mind is productive It shops in store where only the best buy You're cool and hard, and if I sound like a lecher It's probably true, But at least there's no lecture I really like it when you speak like a child The crazy sayings like ""I'm so free and so wild"" You have to make a bargain with me now A promise that you won't change somehow No way, now how Spent all day thinking about you Spent all night coming to terms with it Time and conditions are built to tame Nothing lasts with age, so people say But I will always try to feel the same I really like it when you speak like a child I really like it when you speak like a child The way you hate the homely rank and the file The way you're so proud to be oh, so free and so wild I really like it when you speak like a child I really like it when you speak like a child I really like it when you speak like a child The way you're so proud to be oh, so free and so wild Share lyrics ×"
"Tim Hardin","""Snow White Lady""",NA
"Tim Hardin","""Blues on My Ceiling""",NA
"Tim Hardin","""Simple Song of Freedom""","Chorus: Come and sing a simple song of freedom Sing it like you've never sung before Let it fill the air Tell the people everywhere We, the people here, don't want a war. Hey there, Mister Black Man can you hear me? I don't want your diamonds or your game I just want to be someone known to you as me And I will bet my life you want the same Chorus Seven hundred million are you listening? Most of what you read is made of lies But speaking one to one, ain't it everybody's sun To wake to in the morning when we rise? Chorus Brother Solzhenitsyn, are you busy? If not, won't you drop this friend a line? And tell me if the man, who is plowing up your land Has got the war machine upon his mind? Chorus No doubt some folks enjoy doing battle Like presidents, Prime ministers and kings So let's all build them shelves where they can fight among themselves And leave the people be who love to sing. Chorus Let it fill the air, tell the people everywhere We, the people, here don't want a war Share lyrics ×"
"Tim Hardin","""Misty Roses""",NA
"Ravi Shankar","""Raga Puriya-Dhanashri/Gat In Sawarital""",NA
"Ravi Shankar","""Tabla Solo In Jhaptal""",NA
"Ravi Shankar","""Raga Manj Kmahaj (AIap, Jor, Dhun In Kaharwa Tal)""",NA
"Melanie","""Close to It All""","While walking through life I would never fall If I could be close to it all and all, If I could be close to it all. If I had my dream it would not fall down If I could live high on the ground, The sound of high is a good one to many around When they wanna be close to it all, And I wanna be close to it all and all, I wanna be close to it all. The village sugar takers, Madison Avenue pink dream makers, They try to escape from it all, But instead they build walls, that's all But they wanna be close to it all. If I had my dream I would fill a hall And tell all the people tear down the wall That keeps them from being a part of it all 'Cause they gotta get close to it all. The village sugar takers, Madison Avenue pink dream makers, They try to escape from it all, But instead they build walls, that's all But they wanna be close to it all. There's just one more thing that I wanna say: Everyone has got their own special way That keeps them from getting too close to the day, Accept and be part of it all and all; Everyone tear down your own little wall That keeps you from being a part of it all 'Cause you gotta be one with the one and all, And everyone tear down your own little wall That keeps you from being a part of it all 'Cause you gotta be one with the one and all, You gotta be close to it all. Share lyrics ×"
"Melanie","""Momma Momma""","Momma Momma, I fear you reared me wrong, Momma Momma, I fear you reared me wrong 'cause I pick up my head, can't tell where I belong. Momma Momma, something's hurting me bad, Momma Momma, something's hurting me bad, I have a yearning for something that I never had. Oh, sometimes I feel my life has come and then it's gone, Sometimes I feel my life has come and gone. I live in this world but I'm only looking on. I can't understand, it's too far over my head, I can't understand, it's too far over my head. I'm living the life but I'm really dying instead, yeah. Momma Momma, I fear you reared me wrong, Momma Momma, I fear you reared me wrong, 'cause I lift up my head and I can't tell where I belong. Momma Momma Momma Momma, something's terribly wrong. Share lyrics ×"
"Melanie","""Beautiful People""","Beautiful people You live in the same world as I do But somehow I never noticed You before today I'm ashamed to say Beautiful people We share the same back door And it isn't right We never met before But then We may never meet again If I weren't afraid you'd laugh at me I would run and take all your hands And I'd gather everyone together for a day And when we're gather'd I'll pass buttons out that say Beautiful people Never have to be alone 'Cause there'll always be someone With the same button on as you Include him in everything you do. Beautiful people You ride the same subway As I do ev'ry morning That's got to tell you something We've got so much in common I go the same direction that you do So if you take care of me Maybe I'll take care of you Beautiful people You look like friends of mine And it's about time That someone said it here and now I make a vow that some time, somehow I'll have a meeting Invite ev'ryone you know I'll pass out buttons for The ones who come to show Beautiful people Never ever have to be alone 'Cause there'll always be someone With the same button on as you Include him in ev'rything you do He may be sitting right next to you He may be a beautiful people too And if you take care of him Maybe he'll take care of you 'Cause all of the beautiful people do And you're all beautiful people too Share lyrics ×"
"Melanie","""Animal Crackers""","Oh, eat your animal crackers 'Cause my mother told me so long ago, ""If you eat your animal crakers, The children in Europe won't starve anymore"". Hahaha hahahaha hahaha. Oh I love eating icecream, Chocolate, vanilla and butter pecan, But I best love animal crackers 'Cause I love helping my fellow man. Yeah, I eat more crackers than anyone can Hahaha haha. Once I went on a diet (that's the freudian part, is it, when I forget it) Once I went on a diet A carbohydrate diet ain't nice 'Cause you can't eat animal crackers. So, I'm gonna stay a fatty for all of my life, Hahaha hahaha. But some people think that fatties are nice, yeah. Did you ever hear of Alice's restaurant? I eat at Alice's restaurant year after year. She makes an animal cracker pizza, ha And she gives animal crackers out free with the beer. Oh, let's give Alice a great big cheer. She knows the age... Ah, animal crackers are in this year! Ha ha hahaha. Oh, lalalalala lala lala Share lyrics ×"
"Melanie","""Mr. Tambourine Man""",NA
"Melanie","""Tuning My Guitar""","I'm thinking what I'm doing I'm thinking what I've done I'm thinking 'bout my mother Who never thought I'd come Quite this far from nowhere To hear myself be sung But I still haven't forgotten I used to do it just for fun When all the ones around me Would wonder if they saw Or heard me singing somewhere Tuning my guitar Knock once, I got ten minutes And every night's the same Sometimes I wish I wasn't in it When I hear them call my name Same people all around me And I wonder who they are I know they're not my family And they're not my friends by far They're all the ones around me I wonder who they are They hide behind my curtain And they hope I'll be a star An' they say, ""Get out and sell them"" But selling's not my aim I'm gonna sing the life I'm living And try to ease the pain Of all the ones around me No matter who you are Tonight you're gonna hold the curtain I'm tuning my guitar And all the ones around me I wonder who you are You hide behind my curtain And they hope I'll be a star But all the ones around me Who don't know who you are You hide and you look uncertain But you hope I'll be a star And all the ones, all around me I don't care who you are Tonight you're gonna hold the curtain I'm tuning my guitar All the ones, all the ones All the ones around me And I don't care who you are Tonight you're gonna hold the curtain I'm tuning my guitar Oh all the ones Who do you think that you are Tonight you're gonna hold the curtain I'm tuning my guitar I'd like you to sing with me on this song because it... This is gonna be on an ""Alive at Margie's birthday party"" album, and if you don't sing, nobody will believe that anybody was there. Share lyrics ×"
"Melanie","""Birthday of the Sun""",NA
"Arlo Guthrie","""Coming into Los Angeles""","Words and Music by Arlo Guthrie Coming in from London From over the pole Flying in a big airliner Chickens flying everywhere around the plane Could we ever feel much finer? Chorus: Coming into Los Angeles Bringing in a couple of keys Don't touch my bags if you please Mister Customs Man There's a guy with a ticket to Mexico No, he couldn't look much stranger Walking in the hall with his things and all Smiling, said he was the Lone Ranger Chorus Hip woman walking on a moving floor Tripping on the escalator There's a man in the line And she's blowing his mind Thinking that he's already made her Chorus Coming in from London From over the pole Flying in a big airliner Chickens flying everywhere around the plane Could we ever feel much finer? Chorus Share lyrics ×"
"Arlo Guthrie","""Wheel of Fortune""","Words and Music Arlo Guthrie Chorus: Rolling, wheeling like I'm feeling Everything's gonna carry on You go your way, I'm going my way We will come and so be gone Wheel of fortune, turn for me now Turn to trouble in the West Wheels of completion rolling Wait to put my mind to rest Chorus Hey, Ezekiel, you can leave now You got to go or stay so long While your wheels just keep turning Turn to rhythm right and wrong Chorus Wheel of fortune, turn for me now Turn to trouble in the West Wheels of completion rolling Wait to put my mind at rest Share lyrics ×"
"Arlo Guthrie","""Walkin' Down the Line""",NA
"Arlo Guthrie","The Story of Moses",NA
"Arlo Guthrie","""Oh Mary Don't You Weep""",NA
"Arlo Guthrie","""Every Hand in the Land""","Words and Music Arlo Guthrie Every hand in the land Shakes along with me It don't seem that I can dream Like I used to dream Maybe that somebody is shaking me If I fell I could tell It may be that somebody is making me Dream that you're forever Gone away from me Every toe that I know Step away with me I can't seem to get where I want to be Maybe it's my own foot That keeps tripping me Trip trap - flip flap It must come to wherever from it comes Through to me I can't walk to where My own dreams talk to me Every face in this place Take your eyes away Blink if you think that There's another way Maybe it's my own eyes That don't see the way The time is blind It may come to pass That I will lose my mind I can't live without the love I left behind I can't live without the love I left behind Share lyrics ×"
"Arlo Guthrie","""Amazing Grace""","Amazing grace, how sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me I once was lost but now am found Was blind but now I see 'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear And grace my fears relieved Oh, how precious did that grace appear The hour I first believed Amazing grace, how sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me I once was lost but now am found Was blind but now I see Shall I be wafted to the skies On flowery beds of ease While others strive to win the prize And sail on bloody seas Amazing grace, how sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me I once was lost but now am found Was blind but now I see Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","""Oh Happy Day""","Oh, happy day Oh, happy day Oh, happy day When Jesus washed Oh when He washed When Jesus washed He washed our sins away Oh, it's a happy day, oh Oh, happy day (Oh, happy day) Oh, happy day (Oh, happy day) Oh, happy day When Jesus washed (When Jesus washed) Oh when He washed (When Jesus washed) When Jesus washed (When Jesus washed) He washed our sins away Oh, it's a happy day, oh He taught me how to watch Fight and pray, fight and pray He taught me how to wash Our sins, sins away Oh, happy day (Oh, happy day) Oh, happy day (Oh, happy day) Oh, happy day When Jesus washed (When Jesus washed) Oh when He washed (When Jesus washed) When Jesus washed (When Jesus washed) He washed our sins away Oh, it's a happy day, oh He taught me how to watch Fight and pray, fight and pray He taught me how to wash All my sins, sins away Oh, happy day (Oh, happy day) Oh, happy day (Oh, happy day) Oh, happy day When Jesus washed (When Jesus washed) Oh when He washed (When Jesus washed) When Jesus washed (When Jesus washed) He washed our sins away Oh, it's a happy day (Happy day) Oh, Lord (Happy day) Oh, look out (Happy day) Amen Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","""The Last Thing on My Mind""","It's a lesson too late for the learnin' Made of sand, made of sand In the wink of an eye my soul is turnin' In your hand, in your hand Are you goin' away with no word of farewell? Will there be not a trace left behind Well, I could have loved you better Didn't mean to be unkind That was the last thing on my mind You've got reasons a-plenty for goin' This I know, this I know For the weeds have been steadily growin' Please don't go, please don't go Are you goin' away with no word of farewell? Will there be not a trace left behind Well, I could have loved you better Didn't mean to be unkind That was the last thing on my mind As I lie in my bed in the mornin' Without you, without you Each song in my breast dies a-bornin' Without you, without you Are you goin' away with no word of farewell? Will there be not a trace left behind Well, I should have loved you better Didn't mean to be unkind That was the last thing on my mind Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","""I Shall Be Released""","I shall be released Words and music Bob Dylan They say ev'rything can be replaced, Yet ev'ry distance is not near. So I remember ev'ry face Of ev'ry man who put me here. I see my light come shining From the west unto the east. Any day now, any day now, I shall be released. They say ev'ry man needs protection, They say ev'ry man must fall. Yet I swear I see my reflection Some place so high above this wall. I see my light come shining From the west unto the east. Any day now, any day now, I shall be released. Standing next to me in this lonely crowd, Is a man who swears he's not to blame. All day long I hear him shout so loud, Crying out that he was framed. I see my light come shining From the west unto the east. Any day now, any day now, I shall be released Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","Story about how federal marshals took husband David Harris into custody",NA
"Joan Baez","""Joe Hill""","I dreamed I saw Joe Hill last night, Alive as you and me. Says I ""But Joe, you're ten years dead"" ""I never died"" said he, ""I never died"" said he. ""The Copper Bosses killed you Joe, They shot you Joe"" says I. ""Takes more than guns to kill a man"" Says Joe ""I didn't die"" Says Joe ""I didn't die"" And standing there as big as life And smiling with his eyes. Says Joe ""What they can never kill Went on to organize, Went on to organize"" From San Diego up to Maine, In every mine and mill, Where working-men defend their rights, It's there you find Joe Hill, It's there you find Joe Hill! I dreamed I saw Joe Hill last night, Alive as you and me. Says I ""But Joe, you're ten years dead"" ""I never died"" said he, ""I never died"" said he. Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","""Sweet Sir Galahad""","Sweet Sir Galahad Came in through the window In the night when The moon was in the yard. He took her hand in his And shook the long hair From his neck and he told her She'd been working much too hard. It was true that ever since the day Her crazy man had passed away To the land of poet's pride, She laughed and talked a lot With new people on the block But always at evening time she cried. And here's to the dawn of their days. She moved her head A little down on the bed Until it rested softly on his knee. And there she dropped her smile And there she sighed awhile, And told him all the sadness Of those years that numbered three. Well you know I think my fate's belated Because of all the hours I waited For the day when I'd no longer cry. I get myself to work by eight But oh, was I born too late, And do you think I'll fail At every single thing I try? And here's to the dawn of their days. He just put his arm around her And that's the way I found her Eight months later to the day. The lines of a smile erased The tear tracks upon her face, A smile could linger, even stay. Sweet Sir Galahad went down With his gay bride of flowers, The prince of the hours Of her lifetime. And here's to the dawn Of their days, Of their days. Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","""Hickory Wind""","In south carolina There are many tall pines I remember the oak tree That we used to climb But it makes me feel better Each time it begins Callin' me home Hickory wind I started out younger At most everything All the riches and pleasures What else could life bring But now when I'm lonesome I always pretend That I'm gettin' the feel of Hickory wind It's a hard way to find out That trouble is real In a far away city With a far away feel But it makes me feel better Each time it begins Callin' me home Hickory wind Keeps callin' me home Hickory wind Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","""Drug Store Truck Driving Man"" (duet with Jeffrey Shurtleff)",NA
"Joan Baez","""One Day at a Time""","(Willie Nelson) I live one day at a time I dream one dream at a time Yesterday's dead, and tomorrow is blind And I live one day at a time. Bet you're surprised to see me back at home, You don't know how I miss you when you're gone Don't ask how long I plan to stay It never crossed my mind 'Cause I live one day at a time. I live one day at a time I dream one dream at a time Yesterday's dead, and tomorrow is blind And I live one day at a time. There's a swallow flyin' across a cloudy sky Searching' for a patch of sun, so am I Don't ask how long I have to follow him, Perhaps I won't in time But I live one day at a time. I live one day at a time I dream one dream at a time Yesterday's dead, and tomorrow is blind And I live one day at a time. And I live one day at a time. Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","""Take Me Back to the Sweet Sunny South""","Chorus Take me back to the place where I first saw the light To my sweet sunny south, take me home Where the mocking birds sing me to sleep every night Oh why was I tempted to roam The path to our cottage they say has grown green And the place is quite lonely around I know that the smiles and the forms that I've seen Now lie in the dark mossy ground Chorus Take me back to the place where the orange trees grow To my plot in the evergreen shade Where the flowers from the river green margin did grow And spread their sweet scene through the glade Chorus Share lyrics ×"
"Joan Baez","""Warm and Tender Love""",NA
"Joan Baez","""Swing Low, Sweet Chariot""",NA
"Joan Baez","""We Shall Overcome""","We shall overcome Words and Music by Zilphia Hart., Frank Hamilton, Guy Carawan And Pete Seeger (La melodia sembra sia stata tratta da un canto di pescatori siciliani del 17' Secolo, trasportata in Germania dove è diventata un inno protestante, e da qui Alle congregazioni ""bianche"" protestanti degli Stati Uniti del sud. E' stata Pubblicata per la prima volta come Inno negro in una versione modificata, nei Primi anni dello scorso secolo. Usata, nella forma attuale, negli anni '40 come Inno ""sindacale"" dai lavoratori degli Alimentari e del Tabacco del Sud-Carolina, e successivamente dai lavoratori delle scuole popolari del Tennessee. E' usata tradizionalmente per chiudere tutti I congressi Integrazionisti). We shall overcome, We shall overcome, We shall overcome, some day. Oh, deep in my heart, I do believe We shall overcome, some day. We'll walk hand in hand, We'll walk hand in hand, We'll walk hand in hand, some day. Oh, deep in my heart, We shall live in peace, We shall live in peace, We shall live in peace, some day. Oh, deep in my heart, We shall all be free, We shall all be free, We shall all be free, some day. Oh, deep in my heart, We are not afraid, We are not afraid, We are not afraid, today Oh, deep in my heart, We shall overcome, We shall overcome, We shall overcome, some day. Oh, deep in my heart, I do believe We shall overcome, some day. Share lyrics ×"
"Quill","""They Live the Life""",NA
"Quill","""That's How I Eat""",NA
"Quill","""Driftin'""",NA
"Quill","""Waiting for You""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""Janis""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""Donovan's Reef""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""Heartaches by the Number""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""Ring of Fire""","Love is a burning thing And it makes the fiery ring Bound by wild desire I fell into a ring of fire. I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire, The ring of fire. I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire, The ring of fire. The taste of love is sweet When hearts like ours meet. I felt for you like a child And old but the fire went wild. I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire The ring of fire. I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down and the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire, The ring of fire. Share lyrics ×"
"Country Joe McDonald","""Tennessee Stud""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""Rockin' Round the World""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""Flyin' High""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""I Seen a Rocket""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""The ""Fish"" Cheer/I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-to-Die Rag""",NA
"Country Joe McDonald","""I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-to-Die Rag (Reprise)""",NA
"Santana","""Waiting""","Its been so long since I've seen your face Yet I know soon I'll have your embrace Ill be waiting Waiting just for you Life keeps afloat and my love grows and grows You are the lightin Ill be wating Waiting just for you Oh, it's been a long, long time by I don't mind Rhythm deep, to know the earth Keep waiting, waiting Waiting just for you Share lyrics ×"
"Santana","""Evil Ways""","Youve got to change your evil ways... Baby Before I stop loving you. Youve go to change... Baby And every word that I say, it's true. Youve got me running and hiding All over town. Youve got me sneaking and peeping And running you down This can't go on... Lord knows you got to change... Baby. When I come home... Baby My house is dark and my pots are cold Youre hanging round... Baby With jean and joan and a who knows who I'm getting tired of waiting and fooling around Ill find somebody, who wont make me feel like a clown This can't go on... Lord knows you got to change Organ solo: (repeat 2nd verse) Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... Share lyrics ×"
"Santana","""You Just Don't Care""","I told you Youd have to leave And you listened with a cryin stare. Now youve got the nerve To tell me baby Yeah, yeah, a no, no You don't care You just don't care baby. Sun Turns back at the sight of you And your evil only clouds the air. You you just laugh at what you do. Hey, hey, hey, hum Now you don't care. Hey You don't care for me. Your feelings smashed Now youre leaving to find Someone wholl dare To change all the wrong Like you done to me Hey, hey, hey, no, no You don't care. Hey, hey, hey, you don't care. Share lyrics ×"
"Santana","""Savor""","Savor is an instrumental piece. The following lyrics are for toussaint loverture Los cueros me llaman (repeat) El timbal (repeat) Vamos morena a bailar mi montuno (repeat) Share lyrics ×"
"Santana","""Jingo""","Jingo Jingo Jingo Jingo ba Lo Ba, ba, lo Ba, ba, lo Ba, ba, lo Ba, lo Ba, ba, lo Ba, ba, lo Ba, ba, lo Ba Jingo Share lyrics ×"
"Santana","""Persuasion""","You got persuasion I can't help myself You got persuasion I can't help myself Something about you baby Keeps me from goin to somebody else Yeah, any way you want Now, now baby You put me in a daze All the time Look whacha got for me baby Like the devil in disguise Something about you baby Youre one Youre one of a kind Oh this spell you put on me Has just outdone me babe I can't keep the rain from comin down Look out now I can't get out from under But I wouldn't want to Even if I can Something about you baby Make me feel Make me feel like a man Share lyrics ×"
"Santana","""Soul Sacrifice""",NA
"Santana","""Fried Neckbones and Some Home Fries""",NA
"John Sebastian","""How Have You Been""",NA
"John Sebastian","""Rainbows All Over Your Blues""",NA
"John Sebastian","""I Had a Dream""",NA
"John Sebastian","""Darling Be Home Soon""","Come And talk of all the things we did today Here And laugh about our funny little ways While we have a few minutes to breathe Then I know that it's time you must leave But, darling, be home soon I couldn't bear to wait an extra minute if you dawdled My darling, be home soon It's not just these few hours, but I've been waiting since I toddled For the great relief of having you to talk to And now A quarter of my life is almost past I think I've come to see myself at last And I see that the time spent confused Was the time that I spent without you And I feel myself in bloom So, darling, be home soon I couldn't bear to wait an extra minute if you dawdled My darling, be home soon It's not just these few hours, but I've been waiting since I toddled For the great relief of having you to talk to So, darling My darling, be home soon I couldn't bear to wait an extra minute if you dawdled My darling, be home soon It's not just these few hours, but I've been waiting since I toddled For the great relief of having you to talk to Go And beat your crazy head against the sky Try And see beyond the houses and your eyes It's okay to shoot the moon Darling be home soon I couldn't bear to wait an extra minute if you dawdled My darling, be home soon It's not just these few hours, but I've been waiting since I toddled For the great relief of having you to talk to Share lyrics ×"
"John Sebastian","""Younger Generation""","Why must every generation think they're folks are square? And no matter where they're heads are, they know mom's aint there. Cause' I swore when I was small, that I'd remember when, I knew what's wrong with them, that I was smaller than. Determined to remember all the cardinal rules. Like, sunshowers are legal grounds, for cutting school. I know I have forgotten maybe one or two. And I hope that I recall them all before the baby's due. And I'll know he'll have a question or two. Like, hey pop. Can I go ride my zoom? It goes twohundred miles an hour, suspended on baloons. And can I put a droplet of this new stuff on my tounge? And imagine puffing dragons, while you sit and wreck your'e lungs. And I must me permissive, understanding of the younger generation. And then I know that all I've learned, my kid assumes. And all my deepest worries must be his cartoons. And still I'll try to tell him all the things I've done, Relating to what he can do when he becomes a man. And still he'll stick his fingers in the fan. And hey pop, my girlfriend's only three. She's got her own videophone, And she's taking lsd. And now that were best friends, she want's to give a bit to me. But whats the matter daddy? How come your'e turning green? Can it be that you can't live up to your dreams? Share lyrics ×"
"Keef Hartley Band","""Spanish Fly""",NA
"Keef Hartley Band","""She's Gone""",NA
"Keef Hartley Band","""Too Much Thinking""",NA
"Keef Hartley Band","""Believe in You""",NA
"Keef Hartley Band","""Halfbreed Medley: Sinnin' for You / Leaving Trunk / Just to Cry / Sinnin' for You""",NA
"The Incredible String Band","""Invocation""","You that create the diversity of the forms Open to my words You that divide and multiply it Hear my sounds I make yield league to you Ancient associates And fellow wanderers You that move the heart In fur and scale I join with you You that sing bright and subtle Making shapes that my throat cannot tell You that harden the horn And make quick the eye You that run the fast fox and the zigzag fly You sizeless makers of the mole and of the whale Aid me and I will aid you I make a blood pact with you You that lift the blossom and the green branch You who make symmetries more true You who consider the angle of your limbs Who dance in slower time Who watch the patterns You rough coated who eat water Who stretch deep and high With your green blood My red blood let it be mingled Aid me and I will aid you I call upon you You who are unconfined Who have no shape Who are not seen But only in your action I will call upon you You who have no depth But choose direction Who bring what is willed That you blow love upon the summers of my loved ones That you blow summers upon those loves of my love Aid me and I will aid you I make a pact with you You who are the liquidness of the waters And the spark of the flame I call upon you You who make fertile the soft earth And guard the growth of the growing things I make peace with you You who are the blueness of the blue sky And the wrath of the storm I take the cup of deepness with you Earthshakers And with you the sharp and the hollow hills I make reverence to you Round wakefulness we Call the earth I make wide eyes to you You who are awake Every created thing both solid and sleepy Or airy light I weave colours round you You who will come with me I will consider it beauty Share lyrics ×"
"The Incredible String Band","""The Letter""","Started rubbin' my eyes When I heard the birds talk Hey mister sleep you're gonna Have to take 'walk But nothing has 's much pow'are to Make me rise as the post man Bringin' a mornin' surprise Here he comes Here he comes Too much I've got a letter I'd better get out of bed I said Then I pulled the covers right Up to my nose I thought well the letter Might be for Rose Her mother she writes very regularly Mister Postman have you got A letter for me Mr. Heron, yes I have yes I have Too much I've got a letter I said with some joy It came from Maria, Chicago, Illinois And I never have met her but she sounds sweet Like a flower Grown on a rubbish heap She's got a lot of things 'round her She's gotta work out But she's gonna make it And I have no doubt Maria, the plane that brought your letter must have Felt a little bit lighter The air hostess must've felt brighter bringing your letter over the sea And the pilot was your Orpheus Singing a song for you Maria I'm singin' Hear me singin' I'll be your Orpheus too By the time you hear this song your Troubles will be gone And you'll be left with what's shinin' Through your letter you (repeat) Share lyrics ×"
"The Incredible String Band","""Gather 'Round""",NA
"The Incredible String Band","""This Moment""","This moment Is different From any Before it And this moment Is different It's now And if I Don't kiss you That kiss is Untasted I'll never No never Get it back But why should I want to I'll be in The next moment Sweet moment Sweet lover Sweet now The walls of this room Are different from any before them They are now They are now The air that you breathe Is different from any before it It is now It is now You may think that life is repeating Repeating Repeating Repeating Repeating You may think that life is repeating Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no! Each moment Is different From any before it Each moment Is different It's now Share lyrics ×"
"The Incredible String Band","""Come with Me""","I have a ship both sleek and fine I point her bows wherever I will The seven seas they all are mine I call the winds I call the winds her sails to fill If you will flee away with me And bid farewell to the land you know I'll show you marvels presently And wonders And wonders that the earth does show The shouting mountains - 0 speak on sir The diamond valleys The caves where sleep the stars by day Eve's clouded bower Adam's garden The secret land that love does see O come with me I will come with thee The gentle spring rains will lave your face - 0 sweet waters The winds will bear your train The morning birds will sing your song The earth will call your name The stars will be your canopy The sun your candle flame The greeny~gold wheat your incense sweet My heart your windowpane O come with me I will come with thee Share lyrics ×"
"The Incredible String Band","""When You Find Out Who You Are""","It's of a strange and furious time When men did speed to pray Along the road of discontent to gods of gold and clay Some did seek security Among the seas of change And some did seek dear life to wound A furious time and strange But when you find out who you are Beautiful beyond your dreams Just look around and Notice where you are Just look around and notice what you see Each moment born for you innocently But when I see what we have made What we have out with the mind's blade In the blackness feel it all Repeated faces rise and fall With ancient goals unwondering fail Further obscure the ancient trail Filling with the endless years The river of your heart's tears I swear you have the power As the angels do Spread out your fingers and Make all things new Change the world by the things you say By the things you love And by the games you play And you make each new day It feels so funny in your mummy's tummy Before you get born into The world for to carry on Remember young man of the time Before you first went to school How did it feel trying to live to the rule Remember young man of the time When your love stick First rose free between your legs Like a growing tree Remember you walked with your lover Like a gypsy and a gypsy queen Under the stars where the sign was seen Under the stars where The leaves were green Under the stars where the sign was seen 0 how many shining hearts With love has guided me And many I have met before In lands across the sea We used to speak of that ocean deep How little words can say It's better now to ask your friend What makes him sad today No one can do it for you Make your own sky blue Make your own dreams come true Make it come true. Share lyrics ×"
"Canned Heat","""I'm Her Man""",NA
"Canned Heat","""Going Up the Country""","I'm going up the country, babe don't you wanna go I'm going up the country, babe don't you wanna go I'm going to some place where I've never been before I'm going, I'm going where the water tastes like wine Well I'm going where the water tastes like wine We can jump in the water, stay drunk all the time I'm gonna leave this city, got to get away I'm gonna leave this city, got to get away All this fussing and fighting, man, you know I sure can't stay Now baby, pack your leaving trunk, you know we've got to leave today Just exactly where we're going I cannot say, but We might even leave The usa 'Cause there's a brand new game that I want to play No use of you running, or screaming and crying 'Cause you've got a home as long as I've got mine Share lyrics ×"
"Canned Heat","""A Change Is Gonna Come / Leaving This Town""",NA
"Canned Heat","""Rollin' Blues""",NA
"Canned Heat","""Woodstock Boogie""",NA
"Canned Heat","""On the Road Again""","Well I'm so tired of cryin' but I'm out on the road again - I'm on the road again. Well I'm so tired of cryin' but I'm out on the road again - I'm on the road again. I ain't got no woman just to call my special friend You know the first time I travelled out in the rain and snow - in the rain and snow. You know the first time I travelled out in the rain and snow - in the rain and snow. I didn't have no fairo, not even no place to go. And my dear mother left me when I was quite young - when I was quite young. And my dear mother left me when I was quite young - when I was quite young. She said ""Lord have mercy on my wicked son."" --- Break --- Take a hint from me mama please don't you cry no more - don't you cry no more. Take a hint from me mama please don't you cry no more - don't you cry no more. Cause it's soon one morning down the road I'm gone. But I ain't going down that long and lonesome road - all by myself. But I ain't going down that long and lonesome road - all by myself. I can't carry you baby, gonna carry somebody else. Share lyrics ×"
"Mountain","""Blood of the Sun""","Standin' on my pillow Talkin' to the moon Wadin' in the ocean I'm sendin' for you soon Reachin' for the handle Achin' in my head Woven in the bedsheets And then I will understand Yeah! Sun comes over the city Time goes in its hand Politicians are screamin' There's a time and a little to spare Leanin' out of the window Runnin' from the gun Caught in webs of invention It's the blood, it's the blood of the sun Hidin' in the ocean With the sunshine at my side To leave the hard road behind me There's a light on the road that I ride Thunder down in the valley Rainbow 'round the moon To leave the city behind me I'm sendin' for you soon Yeah, I'm sendin' for you soon Share lyrics ×"
"Mountain","""Stormy Monday""",NA
"Mountain","""Theme for an Imaginary Western""","When the wagons leave the city For the forest and futher on Painted wagons of the morning Dusty roads where they have gone Sometimes travelin' through the darkness Met the summer comin' home Fallen faces by the wayside Look as if they might have known All the sun was in their eye And the desert that's dry In the country town Where the laughter sound Oh the dancing and the singing Oh the music when they play Oh the fire that they started All the girls with no regret Sometimes they found it Sometimes they kept it Ofen lost it on the way Fought each other to posses it Sometimes die in sight of day Oh the sun was in their eye And the desert that's dry In the country town Where the laughter sound Share lyrics ×"
"Mountain","""Long Red""",NA
"Mountain","""For Yasgur's Farm"" (song was untitled at the time)",NA
"Mountain","""Beside the Sea""",NA
"Mountain","""Waiting to Take You Away""",NA
"Mountain","""Dreams of Milk and Honey / Guitar Solo""",NA
"Mountain","""Southbound Train""","Well she was born in a north woods town Twenty-one winters ago And she grew tired of the freezing cold And living in the blinding snow But this girl knew she wouldn't be there long 'Cause she had plans and dreams And she'd seen pictures of the sunshine state In the pages of the magazine So she waited them tables and she used her smile Saving every penny she can For a one-way Dixie bound Amtrak ticket Headed for the promised land Her momma and daddy begged her not to go When the day she dreamed of came And she waved goodbye sittin' way up high From the window of a southbound train Now she's got a fire burnin' deep inside Ridin' on a southbound train And the clickity-clack of that railroad track Only helps to fan the flames No more worries, no more cares She left them up in Bangor, Maine Now she's startin' a brand new life Ridin' on a southbound train Whoa... She said, 'Hello sun, good mornin' Daytona You're sure lookin' good to me With your ocean breeze and your tall palm trees And your southern hospitality' Now she's a knockout queenie in a string bikini She's drivin' all the boys insane And this all started with a small town dream And a ticket on a southbound train 'Cause she had a fire burnin' deep inside Ridin' on a southbound train And the clickity-clack of that railroad track Only helps to fan the flames No more worries, no more cares She left them up in Bangor, Maine Yeah she likes the boys with the southern drawl Soakin' up the sunshine, havin' a ball She'll be the first to tell you that she owes it all To ridin' on a southbound train Whoa... Oh... Share lyrics ×"
"Grateful Dead","""St. Stephen""","St. Stephen ----------- Saint Stephen with a rose, In and out of the garden he goes, Country garland in the wind and the rain, Wherever he goes the people all complain. Stephen prospered in his time, Well he may and he may decline. Did it matter, does it now? Stephen would answer if he only knew how. Wishing well with a golden bell, Bucket hanging clear to hell, Hell halfway twixt now and then, Stephen fill it up and lower down and lower down again. Lady finger, dipped in moonlight, Writing ""What for?"" across the morning sky. Sunlight splatters, dawn with answer, Darkness shrugs and bids the day goodbye. Speeding arrow, sharp and narrow, What a lot of fleeting matters you have spurned, Several seasons with their treasons, Wrapped the babe in scarlet covers, call it your own. Did he doubt or did he try? Answers aplenty in the bye and bye, Talk about your plenty, talk about your ills, One man gathers what another man spills. Saint Stephen will remain, all he's lost he shall regain, Seashore walk by the suds and the foam, Been there so long, he's got to calling it home. Fortune comes a calling, calliope woman, Spinning that curious sense of your own. Can you answer, ""Yes I can""? But what would be the answer to the answer-man? High green chilly winds and windy vines In loops around the twisted shafts of lavender, they're crawling to the Sun. Underfoot the ground is patched With arms of ivy wrapped around the manzanita, stark and shiny in the Breeze. Wonder who will water all the children of the garden When they sigh about the barren lack of rain and droop so hungry neath The sky. William Tell has stretched his bow til it won't stretch No furthermore and/or it may require a change that hasn't come before Share lyrics ×"
"Grateful Dead","""Mama Tried""","The first I remember knowin was that lonesome whistle blowin And a youngins dream of growin up to ride. On a freight train leavin town, not knowin where I was bound No one could steer me right, but mama tried. Was the only rebel child from a family meek and mild Mama seemed to know what lay in store In spite of all my sunday learnin For the bad I kept on turnin and mama couldn't hold me anymore. And I turned 21 in prison, doin life without parole No one could steer me right, but mama tried, mama tried Mama tried to raise me better, but her pleadin I denied That leaves no one but me to blame cause mama tried. Dear old daddy rest his soul, left my mom a heavy load She tried so very hard to fill his shoes Workin hours without rest, wanted me to have the best Oh she tried to raise me right, but I refused. And I turned 21 in prison, doin life without parole No one could steer me right, but mama tried, mama tried Mama tried to raise me better, but her pleadin I denied That leaves no one but me to blame cause mama tried. Share lyrics ×"
"Grateful Dead","""Dark Star""","Dark star crashes, pouring it's light into ashes. Reason tatters, the forces tear loose from the axis. Searchlight casting for faults in the clouds of delusion. Shall we go, you and I while we can Through the transitive nightfall of diamonds? Mirror shatters in formless reflections of matter. Glass hand dissolving to ice petal flowers revolving. Lady in velvet recedes in the nights of good-bye. Shall we go, you and I while we can Through the transitive nightfall of diamonds? Share lyrics ×"
"Grateful Dead","""High Time""","You told me good-bye, how was I to know You didn't mean good-bye, you meant please don't let me go? I was having a high time, living the good life, well I know The wheels are muddy, got a ton of hay, Now listen here, baby, cause I mean what I say. I'm having a hard time, living the good life, well I know. I was losing time, I had nothing to do, No one to fight, I came to you. Wheels broke down, leader wont draw, The line is busted, the last one I saw. Tomorrow come trouble, tomorrow come pain, Now don't think too hard baby, cause I know what I'm saying. I could show you a high time, living the good life, don't be that way. Nothings for certain, it could always go wrong, We could have us a high time, living the good life, well I know. Share lyrics ×"
"Grateful Dead","""Turn On Your Love Light""","Without a warning you broke my heart, takin it baby, tore it apart And you left me standin in the dark, said your love for me was dyin. Come on baby, baby please come on baby, cause Im on my knees. Turn on your lights let it shine on me shine on your love light Let it shine on me let shine, let it shine, let it shine. When I get lonely in the middle of the night And I need you darlin to make things all right So come on baby, baby please and Im beggin you baby cause Im on my knees, Turn on your lights let it shine on me Turn on your love light let it shine on me Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine. Without a warning you broke my heart, takin it baby, tore it apart And you left me standin in the dark, shine your love for me was dark. Come on baby, baby please come on baby, cause Im on my knees. Turn on your lights let it shine on me shine on your love light Let it shine on me let shine, let it shine, let it shine. Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Born on the Bayou""","Now when I was just a little boy standin' to my Daddy's knee My Poppa said son don't let the man get you do what he done to me 'cause he'll get you 'cause he'll get you now now. I can remember the fourth of July runnin' through the backwood bare. And I can still hear my old hound dog barkin' chasin' down a hoodoo there Chasin' down a hoodoo there. Born on the bayou Born on the bayou Born on the bayou. Wish I was back on the bayou rollin' with some Cajun Queen. Wishin' I were a freight train, oh, just a-chooglin' on down to New Orleans. Born on the bayou Born on the bayou Born on the bayou. I can remember the fourth of July, runnin' through the backwood bare. And I can still hear my old hound dog barkin', chasin' down a hoodoo there, Chasin' down a hoodoo there. Born on the bayou Born on the bayou Born on the bayou. Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Green River""","Well, take me back down where cool water flow, yeh. Let me remember things I love. Stoppin' at the log where catfish bite, Walkin' along the river road at night, Barefoot girls dancin' in the moonlight. I can hear the bull frog callin' me. Wonder if my rope's still hangin' to the tree. Love to kick my feet way down the shallow water, Shoe fly, dragon fly, get back t your mother. Pick up a flat rock, skip it across Green River. Up at Cody's camp I spent my days, oh, With flat car riders and cross-tie walkers. Old Cody, Junior took me over, Said, you're gonna find the world is smould rin An' if you get lost come on home to Green River. Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Ninety-Nine and a Half (Won't Do)""","(Pickett/Cropper/Floyd) I got to have all your love, night and day. Not just a little part, but all of your heart, sugar. Chorus: Ninety-nine and a half just won't do. Oh, no, no, just won't get it. Don' t be led in the wrong direction. To start this thing off right, a man need a little love and affection, Yes he do, now. Chorus All right. Lookie here, We got to bring it all down, start gettin' it right. We got to stop this messin' around, and keep the thing up tight, Yes we do, now. Chorus All right, sugar. Got to have a hundred, Got to have a hundred. All right. Ooh, I must do, I must do, I must do now. Oh! Got to have a hundred! Got to have a hundred! Oh! Got to have a hu-hu-hu-hu-hu-hundred, too right. Got to have a hundred, now. Oh! Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Bootleg""","Chorus: Bootleg, bootleg; Bootleg, howl. Bootleg, bootleg; Bootleg, howl. Take you a glass of water Make it against the law. See how good the water tastes When you can't have any at all. Chorus Findin' a natural woman, Like honey to a bee. But you don't buzz the flower. When you know the honey's free. Chorus Suzy maybe give you some cherry pie, But lord, that ain't no fun. Better you grab it when she ain't lookin' 'cause you know you'd rather have it on the run. Chorus Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Commotion""","Traffic in the city turns my head around. No, no, no, no, no. Backed up on the freeway, backed up in the church, Ev'rywhere you look there's a frown, frown. Chorus: Com, commotion, Git, git, git, gone. Com, commotion, Git, git, git, gone. People keep atalkin', they don't say a word. Jaw, jaw, jaw, jaw, jaw. Talk up in the White House, talk up to your door, So much goin' on I just can't hear. Chorus Hurryin' to get there so you save some time. Run, run, run, run, run. Rushin' to the treadmill, rushin' to get home, Worry 'bout the time you save, save. Chorus Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Bad Moon Rising""","I see the bad moon arising. I see trouble on the way. I see earthquakes and lightnin'. I see bad times today. Don't go around tonight, Well, it's bound to take your life, There's a bad moon on the rise. I hear hurricanes ablowing. I know the end is coming soon. I fear rivers over flowing. I hear the voice of rage and ruin. Don't go around tonight, Well, it's bound to take your life, There's a bad moon on the rise. All right! Hope you got your things together. Hope you are quite prepared to die. Looks like we're in for nasty weather. One eye is taken for an eye. Don't go around tonight, Well, it's bound to take your life, There's a bad moon on the rise. Don't go around tonight, Well, it's bound to take your life, There's a bad moon on the rise. Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Proud Mary""","Left a good job in the city Workin' for the man ev'ry night and day And I never lost one minute of sleepin' Worryin' 'bout the way things might have been Big wheel keep on turnin' Proud Mary keep on burnin' Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the river Cleaned a lot of plates in Memphis Pumped a lot of pain down in New Orleans But I never saw the good side of the city 'Til I hitched a ride on a river boat queen Big wheel keep on turnin' Proud Mary keep on burnin' Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the river Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the river If you come down to the river Bet you gonna find some people who live You don't have to worry 'cause you have [if you got] no money People on the river are happy to give Big wheel keep on turnin' Proud Mary keep on burnin' Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the river Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the river Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the river Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the river Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the river Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""I Put a Spell on You""","I put a spell on you, because you're mine You better stop the things that you're doin' I said, ""Watch out, I ain't lyin'"", yeah I ain't gonna take none of your, foolin' around I ain't gonna take none of your, puttin' me down I put a spell on you because you're mine, all right I put a spell on you, because you're mine You better stop, the things that you're doin' I said, ""Watch out, I ain't lyin'"", yeah I ain't gonna take none of your, foolin' around I ain't gonna take none of your, puttin' me down I put a spell on you because you're mine, all right and I took it down Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Night Time Is the Right Time""","(L. Herman) (minus the ""wah-do-day""'s) You know the night time, oh, is the right time To be with the one you love. I said the night time, ooh, is the right time To be with the one you love. I said the night time, ooh, is the right time To be with the one you love. Baby, I said a baby, Baby, come on and drive me crazy, Lord, You know I love you; always thinkin' of you. Hey, baby; oh, I said a baby. You know the night time is the right time To be with the one you love. Aaaah! I said the night time oh, is the right time To be with the one you love. I said the night time, ooh, is the right time To be with the one you love. I said the night time oh, is the right time To be with the one you love. Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Keep on Chooglin'""","Chorus: Keep on chooglin' Keep on chooglin' Keep on chooglin' Chooglin', Chooglin'. Maybe you don't understand it. But if you're a natural man, You got to ball and have a good time And that's what I call chooglin'. Here comes mary lookin' for harry, She gonna choogle tonight. Here comes louie, works in the sewer, He gonna choogle tonight. Chorus (primal screaming) Chorus If you can choose it, who can refuse it, Y'all be chooglin' tonight. Go on, take your pick, right from the git go, You gotta choogle tonight. Chorus (more screaming) Oh, we're creedence! Clearwater! Revival! Share lyrics ×"
"Creedence Clearwater Revival","""Susie Q""","Oh Susie Q, Oh Susie Q, Oh Susie Q, baby I love you, Susie Q. I like the way you walk, I like the way you talk, I like the way you walk, I like the way you talk, Susie Q. (solo) You say that you'll be true, You say that you'll be true, You say that you'll be true, baby I love you, Susie Q. You say that you'll be mine, You say that you'll be mine, You say that you'll be mine, baby all the time, Susie Q. (solo) Oh Susie Q, Oh Susie Q, Oh Susie Q baby I love you, Susie Q. I like the way you walk, I like the way you talk, I like the way you walk, I like the way you talk, Susie Q. Oh Susie Q, Oh Susie Q, Oh Susie Q baby I love you, Susie Q. Share lyrics ×"
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""Raise Your Hand""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""As Good as You've Been to This World""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""To Love Somebody""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""Summertime""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""Try (Just a Little Bit Harder)""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""Kozmic Blues""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""I Can't Turn You Loose""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""Work Me, Lord""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""Piece of My Heart""",NA
"Janis Joplin and the Kozmic Blues Band","""Ball and Chain""",NA
"Sly & the Family Stone","""M'Lady""",NA
"Sly & the Family Stone","""Sing a Simple Song""","Sing a simple song Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm talking, talking, talking, talking, talking in my sleep I'm walking, walking, walking, walking, walking in the street Time is passing, I grow older, things are happening fast All I have to hold on to is a simple song at last Let me hear you say ""Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya"" Sing a simple song Try a little do re mi fa so la ti do Do re mi fa so la ti do Do re mi fa so la ti do Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm living, living, living life with all its ups and downs I'm giving, giving, giving love and smiling at the frowns You're in trouble when you find it's hard for you to smile A simple song might make it better for a little while Let me hear you say ""Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya"" Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm talking, talking, talking, talking I'm walking, walking, walking, walking I'm living, living, living, living I`m giving love and lovin' loving Everybody sing together Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya Sing it in the shower Sing it every hour Sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it Sing it with your mother sing it Sing it, mama, sing it Sing it with your father sing it Sing it, papa, sing it, sing it Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya I'm talking now, I'm walking I'm walking, oh yeah Okay, okay now Share lyrics ×"
"Sly & the Family Stone","""You Can Make It If You Try""","You can make it if you try You can make it if you try Push a little harder Think a little deeper Don't let the plastic Bring you down (All together now) Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah You can make it if you try You can make it if you try Time still creepin' 'Specially when you're sleepin' Wake up and go For what you know (All together now) Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah You can make it if you try You can make it if you try You'll get what's due you Everything coming to you You got to move If you want to be ahead (All together now) Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah You can make it if you try You can make it if you try Time still creepin' 'Specially when you're sleepin' Wake up and go For what you know (All together now) Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah You can make it if you try Ma-ma-make it You can make it if you try Pa-pa-make it You can make it if you try You can make it if you try You can make it if you try ... Share lyrics ×"
"Sly & the Family Stone","""Everyday People"" (Only No. 1 hit at Woodstock)",NA
"Sly & the Family Stone","""Dance to the Music""","Cynthia: Get up and dance to the music! Get on up and dance to the fonky music! All: Dance to the Music, Dance to the Music Freddie: Hey Greg! Greg: What? Freddie: All we need is a drummer, For people who only need a beat I'm gonna add a little guitar And make it easy to move your feet Larry: I'm gonna add some bottom, So that the dancers just won't hide Sly: You might like to hear my organ Playing ""Ride Sally Ride"" You might like to hear the horns blowin', Cynthia on the throne, yeah! Cynthia & Jerry got a message they're sayin': Cynthia: All the squares, go home! All: Dance to the Music, Dance to the Music Share lyrics ×"
"Sly & the Family Stone","""Music Lover""",NA
"Sly & the Family Stone","""I Want to Take You Higher""","Freddie: Feeling's gettin stronger Larry: Music's gettin longer too Rose: Music is flashin me Sly: I want to take you higher Baby baby baby light my fire All: Boom shaka-laka-laka Boom shaka-laka-laka Freddie: Feeling's nitty-gritty Larry: Sound is in the city too Rose: Music's still flashin' me Sly: Don't ya want to get higher Baby baby baby light my fire. All: Boom shaka-laka-laka Boom shaka-laka-laka Sly: Harmonica solo All Repeated: Higher! Sly: C'mon light my fire Want to take you higher All: Boom shaka-laka-laka Boom shaka-laka-laka Freddie: Feeling that should make you move Larry: Sounds that should help you groove Rose: Music still flashin' me Sly: Take your places I want to take you higher Baby baby baby light my fire. Freddie: Guitar solo All: Boom shaka-laka-laka Boom shaka-laka-laka All Repeated: Higher! Sly: Let's take you, do you wanna go, etc. Cynthia: Trumpet solo All Repeated: Boom shaka-laka-laka Boom shaka-laka-laka, Higher! Larry: Bass solo All Repeated: Boom shaka-laka-laka Boom shaka-laka-laka, Higher! Jerry: Sax solo All Repeated: Boom shaka-laka-laka Boom shaka-laka-laka Share lyrics ×"
"Sly & the Family Stone","""Love City""",NA
"Sly & the Family Stone","""Stand!""","Stand In the end you'll still be you One that's done all the things you set out to do Stand There's a cross for you to bear Things to go through if you're going anywhere Stand For the things you know are right It s the truth that the truth makes them so uptight Stand All the things you want are real You have you to complete and there is no deal Stand. Stand, stand Stand. Stand, stand Stand You've been sitting much too long There's a permanent crease in your right and wrong Stand There's a midget standing tall And the giant beside him about to fall Stand. Stand, stand Stand. Stand, stand Stand They will try to make you crawl And they know what you're saying makes sense and all Stand Don't you know that you are free Well at least in your mind if you want to be Everybody Stand, stand, stand Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Heaven and Hell""","On top of the sky is a place where you go if you've done nothing wrong, If you've done nothing wrong. And down in the ground is a place where you go if you've been a bad boy, If you've been a bad boy. Why can't we have eternal life, And never die, Never die? In the place up above you grow feather wings and you fly round and round, With a harp singing hymns. And down in the ground you grow horns and a tail and you carry a fork, And moan and wail. Why can't we have eternal life, And never die, Never die? Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""I Can't Explain""","Got a feeling inside (Can't explain) It's a certain kind (Can't explain) I feel hot and cold (Can't explain) Yeah, down in my soul, yeah (Can't explain) I said... (Can't explain) I'm feeling good now, yeah, but (Can't explain) Dizzy in the head and I'm feeling blue The things you've said, well, maybe they're true I'm gettin' funny dreams again and again I know what it means, but... Can't explain I think it's love Try to say it to you When I feel blue But I can't explain (Can't explain) Yeah, hear what I'm saying, girl (Can't explain) Dizzy in the head and I'm feeling bad The things you've said have got me real mad I'm gettin' funny dreams again and again I know what it means but Can't explain I think it's love Try to say it to you When I feel blue But I can't explain (Can't explain) Forgive me one more time, now (Can't explain) (Instrumental interlude) I said I can't explain, yeah You drive me out of my mind Yeah, I'm the worrying kind, babe I said I can't explain Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""It's a Boy""","Nurse: It's a boy Mrs. Walker it's a boy. It's a boy Mrs. Walker it's a boy. Chorus: A son! A son! A son! Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""1921""","Lover: Got a feeling '21 Is going to be a good year, Especially if you and me See it in together. Father: So you think '21 Is going to be a good year? It could be good for me and her, But you and her - no, never! I had no reason to be over optimistic, But somehow, when you smiled I could brave bad weather... Mother: What about the boy? What about the boy? What about the boy? He saw it all! Mother & Father: You didn't hear it. You didn't see it. You won't say nothing to no-one Ever in your life. You never heard it. Oh, how absurd it all seems Without any proof. You didn't hear it. You didn't see it. You never heard it - not a word of it! You won't say nothing to no-one, Never tell a soul What you know is the Truth. Father: Got a feeling '21 Is going to be a good year, Especially if you and me See it in together. Got a feeling '21 Is going to be a good year, Especially if you and me See it in together. I had no reason to be over-optimistic, But somehow, when you smiled, I could brave bad weather... Mother: What about the boy?... Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Amazing Journey""","Deaf Dumb and blind boy He's in a quiet vibration land Strange as it seems his musical dreams Ain't quite so bad. Ten years old With thoughts as bold as thought can be Loving life and becoming wise In simplicity. Sickness will surely take the mind Where minds can't usually go. Come on the amazing journey And learn all you should know. A vague haze of delerium Creeps up on me. All at once a tall stranger I suddenly see. He's dressed in a silver sparked Glittering gown And His golden beard flows Nearly down to the ground. Nothing to say and nothing to hear And nothing to see. Each sensation makes a note in my symphony. Sickness will surely take the mind Where minds can't usually go. Come on the amazing journey And learn all you should know. His eyes are the eyes that Transmit all they know. Sparkle warm crystalline glances to show That he is your leader And he is your guide On the amazing journey together you'll ride. Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Sparks""","I, I who have nothing I, I who have no one Adore you and want you so I'm just a no one, with nothing to give you but oh I love you You, you buy her diamonds Bright, sparkling diamonds But believe me, dear, when I say That she can give you the Word (sometimes: That you can give her the world) But she'll never love you the way I love you You can take her any place she wants To fancy clubs and restaurants But I can only watch you with My nose pressed up against the window pane I, I who have nothing I, I who have no one Must watch you, go dancing by Wrapped in the arms of somebody else When darling it is I Who love you Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Eyesight to the Blind (The Hawker)""",NA
"The Who","""Christmas""","Cledus T. Judd/Chris Clark, Cledus Crap Anthems (Sesac)/Of Music, Inc. (Sesac) Twas the fight before Christmas When all through the house No furniture left standing, no tv or couch Our aquarium, heck they even knocked over my Chia Pet Memaw was flung 'cross the room by her hair By her sister Ethel who never fought fair Let's get ready to tumble!!!!!!! The children all wrestled and jumped off the beds Dropping elbows and knees on each other's heads And Mamaw wth her frying pan and Pa with his bat Cleared half the room in ten seconds flat The whole brawl began from an innocent matter When Aunt Flo thought Eugene said ""She looks a whole lot fatter"" She knocked him through the window he fell with a crash Tore down the gutters and busted his leg really bad You ought to have saw it It looked like he'd been in a motorcycle wreck No Kiddin Yeah awful I couldn't turn to look at it You see both sides of our family have never gotten along And every holiday something always go wrong You ain't supposed to fight but spread joy in this season But when they get the nog they just look for a reason In no time at all everybody joined in And right there we squared off with our closest of kin It's a time for givin said Uncle Bill As he gave a black eye to his brother-in-law Phil I heard somebody say ""It's the thought that counts And right now I'm thinking about knocking your butt out"" Presents and fists flew all over the room And Nana had some fancy moves with the broom She took out three cousins and knocked down the tree And I ducked just in time she swung out at me It's my favorite time of year Dad always has too much beer Gets on the roof and hunts reindeer Merry Christmas from the whole fam damily Tie the antlers on the dog Save some shine for Santa Claus From all the in-laws and outlaws Merry Christmas from the whole fam damily I crawled to the phone Lord it seemed like a mile And called 9-1-1 which we keep on speed dial In a matter of minutes out the window appeared Flashing blue lights and the Sherrif John Deere Just then six men burst through the door Some yelling ""HANDS UP"" Some ""GET ON THE FLOOR"" A stray punch from Grandpa found the sherrif's chin And just for good measure he clocked him again It took all 6 cops to get Grandpa in cuffs You know he gets feisty when he runs out of snuff We all stopped our fighting and cheered Grandpa on Heck I thought he could take them I guess I was wrong As they dragged him outside he yelled ""I'VE BEEN FRAMED"" He was kicking and screaming and calling them names ""You (bleep) You (bleep) Let me go you (bleep) You donut eatin stupid (bleep) son of a (bleep)"" We stood on the porch as did all our neighbors Who always took interest in our family's behavior ""Mind your own business"" we heard Grandma shout And ""We'll take back the presents and then come bail you out"" By now we'd forgotten what we were fighting for We were battered and bruised but united once more Then we all joined hands and sang ""Violent Night"" Violent Night And we heard Grandpa exclaim as they drove off out of sight: ""Merry Christmas to all...MAN that was a good fight!!!!"" Deck your neighbor deck the halls Tis the season for a brawl From all of us to all of y'all Merry Christmas from the whole fam damily Merry Christmas from the whole fam damily Merry Christmas from the whole fam damily Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""The Acid Queen""","Gypsy: If your child ain't all he should be now This girl could put him right. I'll show him what he could be now Just give me one night. I'm the Gypsy - the acid queen. Pay before we start. I'm the Gypsy - I'm guaranteed. I'll tear your soul apart. Give us a room, close the door Leave us for a while. Your boy won't be a boy no more Young, but not a child. I'm the Gypsy - the acid queen. Pay before we start. The Gypsy - I'm guaranteed. I'll tear your soul apart. Gather your wits and hold on fast, Your mind must learn to roam. Just as the Gypsy Queen must do You're gonna hit the road. My work is done now look at him He's never been more alive. His head it shakes his fingers clutch. Watch his body rise! I'm the Gypsy - the acid queen. Pay before we start. I'm the Gypsy - I'm guaranteed. To break your little heart. If your child ain't all he should be now This girl will put him right. I'll show him what he could be now Just give me one night. I'm the Gypsy - the acid queen. Pay before we start. I'm the Gypsy - I'm guaranteed. To break your little heart. Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Pinball Wizard"" (followed by Abbie Hoffman incident)",NA
"The Who","""Do You Think It's Alright?""","Mother: Do you think it's alright, To leave the boy with Uncle Ernie? Do you think it's alright; He's had a few too many tonight! D'you think it's alright? Father: I think it's alright, yes I think it's alright. Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Fiddle About""","Uncle Ernie: I'm your wicked Uncle Ernie I'm glad you won't see or hear me As I fiddle about Fiddle about Fiddle about! Your mother left me here to mind you Now I'm doing what I want to Fiddling about Fiddling about Fiddle about! Down with the bedclothes Up with your nightshirt! Fiddle about Fiddle about Fiddle about! Fiddle about Fiddle about Fiddle about! You won't shout as I fiddle about Fiddle about Fiddle about Fiddle about! Fiddle about Fiddle about Fiddle about! Fiddle about Fiddle about Fiddle about! Fiddle about Fiddle about Fiddle about! Fiddle, fiddle, fiddle. Fiddle, fiddle, fiddle. Fiddle, fiddle, fiddle. Fiddle, fiddle, fiddle... Fiddle! Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""There's a Doctor""","--- - ------ Father: There's a doctor I've found Could bring us all joy! There's a doctor I've found could cure the boy! There's a doctor I've found could cure the boy! There's a man I've found could remove his sorrow, He lives in this town let's see him tomorrow, He lives in this town let's see him tomorrow Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Go to the Mirror!""","He seems to be completely unreceptive The tests I gave him showed no sense at all His eyes react to light, the dials detect it He hears but cannot answer to your call See me, feel me, touch me, heal me See me, feel me, touch me, heal me There is no chance, no untried operation All hope lies with him and none with me Imagine through the shock of isolation When he can suddenly hear and speak and see See me, feel me, touch me, heal me See me, feel me, touch me, heal me His eyes can hear, his ears can see, his lips speak All the time the needles flick and rock No machine can give the kind of stimulation Needed to remove his inner block Go to the mirror boy Go to the mirror boy I often wonder what he is feeling Has he ever heard a word I've said Look at him in the mirror dreaming What is happening in his head Listening to you, I get the music Gazing at you, I get the heat Following you, I climb the mountain I get excitement at your feet Right behind you, I see the millions On you, I see the glory From you, I get opinions From you, I get the story What is happening in his head Ooooh, I wish I knew I wish I knew Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Smash the Mirror""","Mother: You don't answer my call With even a nod or a wink But you gaze at your own reflection! You don't seem to see me But I think you can see yourself. How can the mirror affect you? Can you hear me Or do I surmise? That you fear me can you feel my temper Rise rise rise rise rise rise Rise rise rise rise rise rise rise Do you hear or fear or Do I smash the mirror? Do you hear of fear or Do I smash the mirror? Smash! Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""I'm Free""","[Intro] I did, yeah I know you do [Hook] I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my flow I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my songs I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to [Verse 1] But, I can’t, I won’t, and I don’t have the time to go and find So, I cannot spread no lies About your [?] I haven’t seen you Y'all can come to my yard, and hang around You see I look like a fountain Got all the water, and I’m high just like a mountain Coming down real low in the valleys I got shooters in the alleys, yeah [Hook] I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my flow I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my songs I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my flow I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my songs [Verse 2] I got white rice and egg Come around and it’s going to your head Chop it up, like it’s a Benihana I got the bandanas on me, what’s up ah I’m in the Hummer, I’m feeling super bummed out These niggas out here run around, running, they bum out Talking about me in the streets, but when I pull up, they trying to act like they sleep Uh, no, I have no time for your lies I’m just gon' create a way to ride, yeah I’m out here looking like Poseidon, yeah Now, now go and hide when, ‘cuz [Hook] I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my flow I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my songs I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my flow I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my songs [Verse 3] I can’t, and, I won’t, I don’t have the time to go and find You’re ugly, and speak about all your thoughts I’d rather hit the [?] And tell her hello, see me in that yellow You know I’m out here on the town, still selling Mellow ‘Cuz all my friends seem to pass away And I’m gon’ go ahead and try to sell all this yay Because the cash I need it real badly, yeah I know your dad can’t stand me, yeah And don’t wanna talk bad about your mom So I’ll let you have that and put something on her arm like Woah, big ring finger, damn, how’d you do that Oh, stole my swag, I’m like “No, I didn’t let you use that, hey, bring that back” Get a weapon instead, sit around And time out, and just be scratching your head, ‘cuz [Hook] I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my flow I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my songs I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my flow I know you want me to kill you I know you want me to For trying to steal my songs Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Tommy's Holiday Camp""","(Uncle Ernie:) Good morning campers! I'm your Uncle Ernie, And I welcome you to Tommy's Holiday Camp! The camp with a differance Never mind the weather When you come to Tommy's, The holiday's forever! The camp with a differance Never mind the weather When you come to Tommy's, The holiday's forever! Welcome!! Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""We're Not Gonna Take It""","Tommy: Welcome to the Camp, I guess you all know why we're here. My name is Tommy And I became aware this year If you want to follow me, You've got to play pinball. And put in your earplugs Put on your eyeshades You know where to put the cork Hey you getting drunk, so sorry! I've got you sussed. Hey you smoking Mother Nature! This is a bust! Hey hung up old Mr. Normal, Don't try to gain my trust! 'Cause you ain't gonna follow me any of those ways Although you think you must Guests: We're not gonna take it We're not gonna take it We're not gonna take it We're not gonna take it We're not gonna take it Never did and never will We're not gonna take it Gonna break it, gonna shake it, Let's forget it better still Tommy: Now you can't hear me, Your ears are truly sealed. You can't speak either, Your mouth is filled. You can't see nothing, And pinball completes the scene. Here comes Uncle Ernie to guide you to Your very own machine. Guests: We're not gonna take it We're not gonna take it We're not gonna take it We're not gonna take it We're not gonna take it Never did and never will Don't want no religion And as far as we can tell We ain't gonna take you Never did and never will We're not gonna take you We forsake you Gonna rape you Let's forget you better still. Tommy: See me. Feel me. Touch me. Heal me. Listening to you, I get the music. Gazing at you, I get the heat. Following you, I climb the mountains. I get excitement at your feet. Right behind you, I see the millions. On you, I see the glory. From you, I get opinions. From you, I get the story. Listening to you, I get the music. Gazing at you, I get the heat. Following you, I climb the mountains. I get excitement at your feet. Right behind you, I see the millions. On you, I see the glory. From you, I get opinions. From you, I get the story. Listening to you, I get the music. Gazing at you, I get the heat. Following you, I climb the mountains. I get excitement at your feet. (Fade:) Right behind you, I see the millions. On you, I see the glory. From you, I get opinions. From you, I get the story. Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""See Me, Feel Me""","See Me Feel Me Touch Me Heal Me See Me Feel Me Touch Me Heal Me Listening to you, I get the music Gazing at you, I get the heat Following you, I climb the mountain I get excitement at your feet Right behind you, I see the millions On you, I see the glory From you, I get opinion From you, I get the story Listening to you, I get the music Gazing at you, I get the heat Following you, I climb the mountain I get excitement at your feet Right behind you, I see the millions On you, I see the glory From you, I get opinion From you, I get the story Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Summertime Blues""","Well, I'm a gonna raise a fuss, I'm a gonna raise a holler I've been working all summer just to try and earn a dollar Well, I went to the boss, said I got a date The boss said ""No Dice, son, you gotta work late"" Sometimes I wonder, what am I gonna do There ain't no cure for the summertime blues Well, my mom and poppa told me, ""Son you gotta earn some money If you want to use the car to go out next Sunday"" Well, I didn't go to work, I told the boss I was sick He said ""You can't use the car 'cause you didn't work a lick"" Sometimes I wonder, what am I gonna do There ain't no cure for the summertime blues Gonna take two weeks, gonna have a fine vacation Gonna take my problems to the United Nations Well, I went to my congressman, he said, quote ""I'd like to help you son but you're too young to vote"" Sometimes I wonder, what am I gonna do There ain't no cure for the summertime blues Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""Shakin' All Over""","When you move in right up close to me That's when I get the chills all over me Quivers down my backbone I got the shakes in my thigh bone I got the shivers in my knee bone Shakin' all over Just the way you say goodnight to me Brings the feelin' on inside of me Quivers down my backbone I got the shakes in my thigh bone I got the shivers in my knee bone Shakin' all over Quivers down my backbone I got the shakes in my thigh bone I got the shivers in my knee bone Shakin' all over Well, you make me shake and I like it, baby You make me shake and I like it, baby Well, shake, shake, shake Shake, shake Shake, shake, shake Shake, shake, shake Share lyrics ×"
"The Who","""My Generation"" (shortened version)",NA
"The Who","""Naked Eye"" (instrumental finale only)",NA
"Jefferson Airplane","""The Other Side of This Life""","Would you like to know a secret just between you and me I don't know where I'm going next, I don't know who I'm gonna be But that's the other side of this life I've been leading That's the other side of this life. Well my whole world's in an uproar, my whole world's upside down I don""t know where I'm going next, but I'm always bumming around And that's another side to this life I've been leading And that's another side to this life Well I don't know what doing for half the time, I don't know where I'm going I think I'll get me a sailing boat and sail the Gulf of Mexico But that's another side of this life I've been leading And that's another side of this life Well I think I'll go to Nashville down in Tennesse The ten cent life I've been leading here gonna be the death of me But that's the other side of this life I've been leading And that's another side to this life Would you like to know a secret just between you and me I don't know where I'm going next, I don't know who I'm gonna be But that's the other side of this life I've been leading But that's the other side of this life. Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""Somebody to Love""","When the truth is found to be lies And all the joy within you dies Don't you want somebody to love? Don't you need somebody to love? Wouldn't you love somebody to love? You better find somebody to love. (love, love, love) When the morning flowers, baby are dead, yes. And your mind, (your mind) is so full of dread. Don't you want somebody to love? Don't you need somebody to love? Wouldn't you love somebody to love? You better find somebody to love. Your eyes, I say your eyes may look like his, Yeah, but in your head, baby, I'm afraid you don't know where it is. Don't you want somebody to love? Don't you need somebody to love? Wouldn't you love somebody to love? You better find somebody to love. Tears are running, yeah running down your vest. And your friends, baby, they treat you like a guest. Don't you want somebody to love? Don't you need somebody to love? Wouldn't you love somebody to love? You better find somebody to love. Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""3/5 of a Mile in 10 Seconds""","Do away with people blowing my mind Do away with people wasting my precious time Take me to a simple place Where I can easily see my face Maybe, baby I'll see that you were kind Know I love you baby, yes I do Know I love you baby, yes I do Do away with people laughing at my hair Do away with people frowning on my precious prayers Take me to a circus tent Where I can easily pay my rent And all the other freaks will share my cares Know I love you baby, yes I do Know I love you baby, yes I do Do away with things that come on obscene Like hot rods, beauty queens, real fine nicotine Sometimes it buys for 65 dollars Prices like that make a grown man holler 'specially when it's sold by a kid who's only 15 Know I love you baby, yes I do Know I love you baby, yes I do 3/5's of a mile in 10 seconds... Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""Won't You Try/Saturday Afternoon""","Won't you try Won't you try Won't you try Find a way to need someone Find a way to see Find a way to need someone and the sunshine will set you free Won't you try With love before were gone Wont you try Wont you try Wont you try Saturday afternoon Saturday afternoon When your head is feeling fine You can ride inside our car I will give you caps of blue and silver sunlight for your hair All that soon will be is what you need to see, my love Won't you try Won't you try I do care that you do see Is it time to leave, my lady Yes it is I know Round about and everywhere sunshine instead of snow Times can't change that what I say is true Oooooh oooh Ill come through for you And I'll come through for you, my love Wont you try Wont you try Wont you try Wont you try Saturday afternoon Yellow clouds rising in the noon Acid incense and ballons Saturday afternoon people dancing everywhere ,loudly shouting i don't care Its a time for growing and a time for knowing Saturday afternoon Saturday afternoon (wont you try) Saturday afternoon (wont you try) Saturday afternoon ( wont you try ) Wont you try (saturday afternoon) Wont you try ( saturday afternoon) Wont you try Wont you try Transcribed by Johnny Blasi Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""Eskimo Blue Day""","Snow cuts loose from the frozen Until it joins with the African sea In moving it changes it's cold and it's name The reason I come and go is the same Animal game for me You call it rain But the human name Doesn't mean shit to a tree If you don't mind heat in your river and Fork tongue talking from me Swim like an eel fantastic snake Take my love when it's free Electric feel with me You call it loud But the human crowd Doesn't mean shit to a tree Change the strings and notes slide Change the bridge and string shift down Shift the notes and bride sings Fire eating people Rising toys of the sun Energy dies without body warm Icicles ruin your gun Water my roots the natural thing Natural spring to the sea Sulphur springs make my body float Like a ship made of logs from a tree Redwoods talk to me Say it plainly The human name Doesn't mean shit to a tree Snow called water going violent Damn the end of the stream Too much cold in one place breaks That's why you might know what I mean Consider how small you are Compared to your scream The human dream Doesn't mean shit to a tree Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""Plastic Fantastic Lover""","Her neon mouth with the blinkers-off smile Nothing but an electric sign You could say she has an individual style She's part of a colorful time Secrecy of lady-chrome-covered clothes You wear cause you have no other But I suppose no one knows You're my plastic fantastic lover Her rattlin' cough never shuts off Is nothin' but a used machine Her aluminum finish, slightly diminished Is the best I ever have seen Cosmetic baby plugged into me I'd never ever find another I realize no one's wise To my plastic fantastic lover The electrical dust is starting to rust Her trapezoid thermometer taste All the red tape is mechanical rape Of the TV program waste Data control and IBM Science is mankind's brother But all I see is drainin' me On my plastic fantastic lover Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""Wooden Ships""","(UPS) EARTH JULY 1975 Black sails knifing through the pitchblende night Away from the radioactive landmass madness From the silver-suited people searching out Uncontaminated food and shelter on the shores No glowing metal on our ship of wood only Free happy crazy people naked in the universe WE SPEAK EARTH TALK GO RIDE THE MUSIC If you smile at me you know I will understand Cause that is something everybody everywhere does In the same language I can see by your coat my friend that you're from the other side There's just one thing I got to know Can you tell me please who won You must try some of my purple berries I been eating them for six or seven weeks now Haven't got sick once Probably keep us both alive Wooden ships on the water very free and easy Easy you know the way it's supposed to be Silver people on the shoreline leave us be Very free and easy Sail away where the mornin sun goes high Sail away where the wind blows sweet and young birds fly Take a sister by her hand Lead her far from this barren land Horror grips us as we watch you die All we can do is echo your anguished cry and Stare as all you human feelings die We are leaving You don't need us Go and take a sister by her hand Lead her far from this foreign land Somewhere where we might laugh again We are leaving You don't need us Sailing ships on the water very free and easy Easy you know the way it's supposed to be Silver people on the shoreline leave us be Very free And gone NO C'MON GO RIDE THE MUSIC C'MON RIDE IT CHILD Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""Uncle Sam Blues""","Got my questionnaire baby You know I'm headed off for war I got my questionnaire baby You know I'm headed off for war Well, now I'm gonna do some fightin' Well, no one knows what for Well, Uncle Sam ain't no woman You know he sure can take your man Said Uncle Sam ain't no woman You know he sure can take your man Well, there's 40, 000 guys in the service list Doin' somethin' somewhere they just don't Understand Well, I'm gonna do some fightin' Of that I can be sure Said I'm gonna do some fightin' Of that I can be sure Well, now I want to kill somebody Won't have to break no kind of law I got my questionnaire baby You know I'm headed off for war I got my questionnaire baby You know I'm headed off for war Well, I want to kill somebody Won't have to break no kind of law Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""Volunteers""","Look what's happening out in the streets Got a revolutiongot to revolution Hey I'm dancing down the streets Got a revolutiongot to revolution Ain't it amazing all the people I meet Got a revolutiongot to revolution One generation got old One generation got soul This generation got no destination to hold Pick up the cry Hey now it's time for you and me Got a revolutiongot to revolution Come on now we're marching to the sea Got a revolutiongot to revolution Who will take it from you We will and who are we We are volunteers of america Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""The Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil""","If you were a bird and you lived very high, Knew from the wind when the breeze came by, Say to the wind as it took you away, ""That's where I wanted to go today"" And I didn't know that I need to have you around, and I do And I didn't know that I need to have you around Love like a mountain springtime, Flashing through the rivers of my mind; It's what I feel for you (armadillo) You and me go walking south And we see all the world around us, The colors blind my eyes and my mind to all but you, And I didn't know that I need to have you around, and I do I didn't know that I need to have you around. 'Spect you're wondering I have a house where I can go When there's too many people around me I can sit and watch all the people Down below goin' by me; Halfway down the stairs is a stair Where I sit and think about you and me; But I wonder will the sun still see all the people goin'by Will the moon still hang in the sky when I die, When I die, when I'm high, when I die? If you were a cloud and you sailed up there, You sail on water as blue as air, You'd see me here in the fields and say, 'Doesn't the sky look green today? ' Doesn't it look green? But I wonder will the sun still see all the people goin'by Will the moon still hang in the sky when I die, When I die, when I'm high, when I die, die, die, die? Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""Come Back Baby""",NA
"Jefferson Airplane","""White Rabbit""","One pill makes you larger And one pill makes you small And the ones that mother gives you Don't do anything at all Go ask Alice when she's ten feet tall And if you go chasing rabbits And you know you're bound to fall Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar Has given you the call Call Alice when she was just small When men on the chessboard Get up and tell you where to go And you've just had some kind of mushroom And your mind is moving slow Go ask Alice, I think she'll know When logic and proportion have fallen sloppy dead And the white knight is talking backward And the red queen's off with her head Remember what the door mouse said Feed your head, feed your head, feed your head Share lyrics ×"
"Jefferson Airplane","""The House at Pooneil Corners""","You and me, we keep walking around and we see All the bullshit around us. You try and keep your mind on what's going down, Can't help but see the rhinoceros around us. Then you wonder what you can be, And you do what you can to get far and high. And you know I'm still gonna need you around. And you know I'm still gonna need you around. You say it's healing, but nobodys feeling it. Somebodys dealing, somebodys stealing, And you say you don't see and you don't. You say you wont know and you wont, when it comes. Everything someday will be gone except silence. The earth will be quiet again. Seas from clouds will wash off the ashes of violence Left as the memory of men. There will be no survivors, my friend. Suddenly everyone will look surprised, Stars spinning wheels in the skies, Sun is scrambled in their eyes And circleslike a vulture. Someone stood at the window and cried one tear. I thought that would stop the war, but someone is killing me. That's the last time I do think anymore. Jelly and juice and bubblesbubbles on the floor. Castles on cliffsvanished Just like heaps ofrubbish Seen from the stars hour upon hour As splinters, dust, and black flowers. From here to heaven is a scar, Dead center, deep as death. All the idiots have left. The idiots have left. Cows are almost cooing, Turtle doves are mooing; Which is why a Pooh is poohing In the sun Sun Share lyrics ×"
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Rockhouse"" (without Joe Cocker)[3]",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Who Knows What Tomorrow May Bring"" (instrumental)",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Dear Landlord""",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Something's Coming On""[4]",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Do I Still Figure in Your Life?""",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Feelin' Alright""",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Just Like a Woman""",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Let's Go Get Stoned""",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""I Don't Need No Doctor""[4]",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""I Shall Be Released""",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Hitchcock Railway""",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""Something to Say""",NA
"Joe Cocker and the Grease Band","""With a Little Help from My Friends"" (Beatles cover)",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Rock & Soul Music""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Love""","Oh, c'mon! Well, now deep in my heart baby I know that you care, Deep in my heart, babe, the feeling is there, 'Cause I got something money can't buy, I got something that you oughta try, I got love, love, I said love, sweet love, I got love, baby, yeah! Well, I can tell by your smile what you wanna do, See in your eyes you got the feeling, too. Come on, baby, it's time to move, 'Cause I've got something that's a stone groove, I got love, love, I said love, sweet love, I got love, baby. Well, now deep in my heart baby I know that you care, Deep in my heart, babe, the feeling is there, 'Cause I got something money can't buy, I got something that you oughta try, I got love, love, I said love, sweet love, I got love, baby, yeah! Share lyrics ×"
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Not So Sweet Martha Lorraine""","She hides in an attic concealed on a shelf Behind volumes of literature based on herself And runs across the pages like some tiny elf Knowing that it's hard to find Stuff way back in her mind, Winds up spending all of her time Trying to memorize every line Sweet Lorraine, ah, sweet Lorraine. Sweet lady of death wants me to die So she can come sit by my bedside and sigh And wipe away the tears from all my friends eyes Then softly she will explain Just exactly who was to blame For causing me to go insane And finally blow out my brain, Sweet Lorraine, ah, sweet Lorraine. Well you know that it's a shame and a pity You were raised up in the city And you never learned nothing 'bout country ways, Ah, 'bout country ways. The joy of life she dresses in black With celestial secrets engraved in her back And her face keeps flashing that she's got the knack, But you know when you look into her eyes All she's learned she's had to memorize And the only way you'll ever get her high Is to let her do her thing and then watch you die, Sweet Lorraine, ah, sweet Lorraine. Now she's the one who gives us all those magical things And reads us stories out of the I Ching, Then she passes out a whole new basket of rings That when you put on your hand Makes you one of the Angel Band And gives you the power to be a man, But what it does for her you never quite understand Sweet Lorraine, ah, sweet Lorraine. Well you know that it's a shame and a pity You were raised up in the city And you never learned nothing 'bout country ways, Oh 'bout country ways, oh 'bout country ways, Yeah, about country ways, oh, country ways... Share lyrics ×"
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Sing, Sing, Sing""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Summer Dresses""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Friend, Lover, Woman, Wife""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Silver and Gold""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Maria""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""The Love Machine""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Ever Since You Told Me That You Love Me (I'm a Nut)""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Crystal Blues""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""Rock & Soul Music (Reprise)""",NA
"Country Joe and the Fish","""The ""Fish"" Cheer/I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-to-Die Rag""",NA
"Ten Years After","""Spoonful""","Could fill spoons full of diamonds, Could fill spoons full of gold. Just a little spoon of your precious love Will satisfy my soul. Men lies about it. Some of them cries about it. Some of them dies about it. Everythings a-fightin about the spoonful. That spoon, that spoon, that spoonful. That spoon, that spoon, that spoonful. That spoon, that spoon, that spoonful. That spoon, that spoon, that spoonful. Could fill spoons full of coffee, Could fill spoons full of tea. Just a little spoon of your precious love; Is that enough for me? Chorus Could fill spoons full of water, Save them from the desert sands. But a little spoon of your forty-five Saved you from another man. Chorus Share lyrics ×"
"Ten Years After","""Good Morning, Little Schoolgirl"" (with two false starts)",NA
"Ten Years After","""Hobbit""",NA
"Ten Years After","""I Can't Keep from Crying Sometimes""","I can't keep from crying sometimes I can't keep from crying sometimes Oh momma she's dead and gone And I know I'm all alone I can't keep from crying sometimes Early in the morning About the break of day I fall down on my knees I fall down and I pray I think about my woman My woman who's long gone I can't keep from crying sometimes I can't keep from crying sometimes Oh momma she's dead and gone And I know I'm all alone I can't keep from crying sometimes Later in the evening I watch the sun go down I think about my woman But my woman Lord she ain't around My heart is filled with sadness And my eyes are filled with tears I can't keep from crying sometimes I can't keep from crying sometimes Oh momma she's dead and gone And I know I'm all alone I can't keep from crying sometimes Share lyrics ×"
"Ten Years After","""Help Me""","You got to help me, now; I can't do it all by myself. You got to help me, now; I can't do it all by myself. You know if you don't help me, darling, I'll have to find myself somebody else. I my have to wash, I may have to sew, I may have to cook. I might mop the floor; but you help me, baby. If you don't help me, darling, I'll have to find somebody else. When I walk, you walk with me; and when I talk, you talk with me. Oh, baby, I can't do it all by myself. Bring my nightshirt; put your mornin' gown. Bring my nightshirt; put your mornin' gown. You know if you don't help me, darling, I'll have to find myself somebody else"". You're talking about your woman, I wish to God man that you could see mine. You're talking about your woman, I wish to God man that you could see mine. Every time the little girl starts to loving she bring eyesight to the blind. Share lyrics ×"
"Ten Years After","""I'm Going Home""","Goin' home, my baby Goin' home, my baby Goin' home, to see my baby Our baby, how good My baby, be good I'm goin' home, my baby Home to see my girl Oh baby, baby, I'm coming home Baby, baby I'm coming home Tell me mama, baby, I'm coming home Gonna see my baby, see my baby fine Gonna take my baby, wanna take my baby mine Gonna take my woman treats me real kind I'm goin' home, my baby I'm goin' home, to see my baby Goin' home, my baby Gonna see my baby, see my baby fine Take my baby, take my baby mine Gonna tell your mama how good that love of ours I'm goin' home, to see my baby I'm goin' home, to see my baby Oh, baby ooh Wanna take you back, take where love belong Treat me baby, treat, don't treat me wrong Oh, baby, I'm rollin' Baby, baby, I'm rollin' Baby, baby, I'm rollin' Won't you shake me, baby, well get you rollin' down Won't you shake me, baby, well get you rollin' down Oh, baby, we're gonna have some fun Baby, please don't go, baby, please don't go Baby, please don't go, baby, please don't go Please don't go, she's cold, I need you Comin' home, ooh, hey Come on over baby, whole lotta shakin' goin' on I'm goin' home, to see my baby Home, to see my girl, ooh I'm goin' home, take my baby I'm goin' home, see my baby Gonna take me back, I'll take her where I belong I'm goin' home, to see my baby I'm goin' home, to see my baby Come on, take me, yeah I'm goin' home, I'm goin' home I'm goin' home, hey, hoo Gonna take me back right where I belong I'm goin' home, I'm goin' home I'm goin' home, I'm goin' home Hoo, hoo....., right where I belong Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""Chest Fever""","E D/E A/E E D/E A/E E D/E I know she's a tracker, any scarlet would back her A/E E D/E A E D They say she's a chooser, but I just can't refuse her A/E She was just there, but then she can't be here no more E B D E B D E And as my mind unweaves, I feel the freeze down in my knees B D E F# But just before she leaves, she receives She's been down in the dunes and she's dealt with the goons Now she drinks from the bitter cup, I'm trying to get her to give it up She was just here, I fear she can't be here no more And as my mind unweaves, I feel the freeze down in my knees But just before she leaves, she receives G# C#m It's long, long when she's gone, I get weary holding on F#m7 (F#7?) B7 Now I'm coldly fading fast, I don't think I'm gonna last Very much longer ""She's stoned"" said the Swede, and the moon calf agreed I'm like a viper in shock with my eyes in the clock She was just there somewhere and here I am again And as my mind unweaves, I feel the freeze down in my knees But just before she leaves, she receives Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""Don't Do It""","Baby don't you do it, don't do it Don't you break my heart Pleeeeease don't do it, don't you break my heart A sacrifice would make you happy if nothing for myself Now you wanna leave me for the love of someone else My pride is all gone whether I'm right or wrong I need you baby to keep on keepin' on You know I'm trying to my best Oh I'm trying to do my best Don't do it, don't you break my heart Pleeeeease don't do it, don't you break my heart My biggest mistake was loving you too much and letting you know Now you got me where you want me and you won't let me go If my heart was made of glass well then you'd surely see How much heartache and misery, girl, you've been causing me While I've been trying to do my best Well I've tried to do my best Don't do it, don't you break my heart Pleeeeease don't do it, don't you break my heart Go down to the river and there I be I'm gonna jump in girl, but you don't care bout me Open up your eyes Can't ya see I love ya? Open up you heart, girl Can't ya see I need ya? Oh baby don't do it, do it, do it Don't you break my heart Pleeeeease don't do it don't you break my heart My biggest mistake was loving you too much and letting you know Now you got me where you want me and you won't let me go If my heart was made of glass well then you'd surely see How much heartache and misery, girl, you've been causing me While I've been trying to do my best You know I've tried to do my best Don't do it, don't you break my heart Pleeeeease don't do it, don't you break my heart Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""Tears of Rage""","We carried you in our arms on Independence Day And now you'd throw us all aside and put us all away Oh, what dear daughter 'neath the sun could treat a father so? To wait upon him hand and foot and always tell him ""No"" (Chorus:) Tears of rage, tears of grief Why must I always be the thief? Come to me now, you know we're so low And life is brief It was all very painless When you went out to receive All that false instruction Which we never could believe And now the heart is filled with gold As if it was a purse But, oh, what kind of love is this Which goes from bad to worse? [Chorus:] We pointed you the way to go And scratched your name in sand Though you just thought it was nothing more Than a place for you to stand I want you to know that while we watched You discovered no one would be true And I myself was among The ones who thought It was just a childish thing to do [Chorus:] Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""We Can Talk""","D Em7 D G We can talk about it now A It's that same old riddle only starting from the middle D Em D G I'd fix it but I don't know how A Well, we could try to reason but you might think it's treason G One voice for all F E7 A Echoing across the hall Bm G Don't give up on father clock A D A We can talk about it now D Em D G Come, let me show you how A To keep the wheels turnin' you've got to keep the engine churnin' D Em D G Did you ever milk a cow A I had the chance one day but I was all dressed up for Sunday G F Everybody, everywhere E7 A Do you really care Bm G Pick up your heads and walk A D G7 We can talk about it now C E7 F It seems to me we've been holding something underneath our tongues C E7 I'm afraid if you ever got a pat on the back F G It would likely burst your lungs A E7 A E7 Woh, stop me, if I should sound kinda down in the mouth A E7 A But I'd rather be burned in Canada than to freeze here in the south D Em Dm G Pulling that eternal plough A We've got to find a sharper blade or have a new one made D Em D G Rest awhile and cool your brow A Don't need it, no need to slave, the whip is in the grave G F No salt, no trance E7 A It's safe now to take a backward glance Bm G The leaves have turned to chalk A D A D We can talk about it now, A D We can talk about it now Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""Long Black Veil""","G Ten years ago on a cool dark night D C G There was someone killed 'neath the town hall light G There were few at the scene and they all did agree D C G That the man who ran looked a lot like me The judge said ""Son, what is your alibi? If you were somewhere else then you won't have to die"" I spoke not a word although it meant my life I had been in the arms of my best friend's wife C G C G She walks these hills in a long black veil C G C G She visits my grave where the night winds wail G C G Nobody knows, no, and nobody sees C G D C Nobody knows but me The scaffold was high and eternity neared She stood in the crowd and she'd not a tear But sometimes at night when the cold wind moans In a long black veil she cries over my bones Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""Don't Ya Tell Henry""","Don't ya tell Henry, Apple's got your fly. E I went down to the river on a Saturday morn, A-lookin' around just to see who's born. I found a little chicken down on his knees, I went up and yelled to him, ""Please, please, please!"" He said, ""Don't ya tell Henry, A Don't ya tell Henry, B7 Don't ya tell Henry, (n. C.) E (turnaround) Apple's got your fly. "" E I went down to the corner at a-half past ten, I's lookin' around, I wouldn't say when. I looked down low, I looked above, And who did I see but the one I love. A She said, ""Don't ya tell Henry, E Don't ya tell Henry, B Don't ya tell Henry, A (n. C.) E Apple's got your fly. "" E Now, I went down to the beanery at half past twelve, A-lookin' around just to see myself. A I spotted a horse and a donkey, too, E I looked for a cow and I saw me a few. A They said, ""Don't ya tell Henry, E Don't ya tell Henry, B Don't ya tell Henry, A (n. C.) E Apple's got your fly. "" Now, I went down to the pumphouse the other night, A-lookin' around, it was outa sight. I looked high and low for that big ol' tree, I did go upstairs but I didn't see nobody but me. I said, ""Don't ya tell Henry, Don't ya tell Henry, Don't ya tell Henry, Apple's got your fly. "" Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""Ain't No More Cane""","G C G Ain't no more cane on the Brazos(1) G A D Oh, oh, oh, oh... G C G Its all been ground down to molasses D7 C G Oh, oh- oh, oh- oh... You shoulda been on the river in 1910 They were driving the women just like they drove the men. Go down Old Hannah,(2) don'cha rise no more Don't you rise up til Judgment Day's for sure Ain't no more cane on the Brazos Its all been ground down to molasses Captain(3), don't you do me like you done poor old Shine Well ya drove that bully(4) til he went stone blind Wake up on a lifetime(5), hold up your own head Well you may get a pardon and then you might drop dead Ain't no more cane on the Brazos Its all been ground down to molasses. Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""This Wheel's on Fire""","Am If your memory serves you well Bo7 We're going to meet again and wait E So I'm going to unpack all my things F Dm Am And sit before it gets too late C Am No man alive will come to you C Am With another tale to tell C A And you know that we shall meet again F Dm Am If your memory serves you well Chorus: Dm F C G G7 This wheel's on fire, rolling down the road C G F C Best notify my next of kin F G A This wheel shall explode! If your memory serves you well, I was going to confiscate your lace And wrap it up in a sailor's knot and hide it in your case If I knew for sure that it was yours, and it was oh so hard to tell And you know that we shall meet again if your memory serves you well [Chorus:] If your memory serves you well, you'll remember that you're the one Who called on them to call on me to get you your favours done And after every plan had failed and there was nothing more to tell And you know that we shall meet again if your memory serves you well [Chorus:] Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""I Shall Be Released""","E F#m They say everything can be replaced G#m A B E They say every distance is not near F#m So I remember every face G#m A B E B Of every man who put me here (Chorus:) E F#m I see my light come shinin' G#m A B E From the west unto the east F#m Any day now, any day now G#m A B E I shall be released They say ev'ry man needs protection They say that ev'ry man must fall Yet I swear I see my reflection Somewhere so high above this wall [Chorus:] Now yonder stands a man in this lonely crowd A man who swears he's not to blame And all day long I hear him shouting so loud Just crying out that he was framed [Chorus:] Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""The Weight""","I pulled into Nazareth, was feelin' about half past dead; I just need some place where I can lay my head. ""Hey, mister, can you tell me where a man might find a bed?"" He just grinned and shook my hand, ""No!"", was all he said. (Chorus:) Take a load off Annie, take a load for free; Take a load off Annie, And (and) (and) you can put the load right on me. I picked up my bag, I went lookin' for a place to hide; When I saw Carmen and the Devil walkin' side by side. I said, ""Hey, Carmen, come on, let's go downtown."" She said, ""I gotta go, but m'friend can stick around."" [Chorus:] Go down, Miss Moses, there's nothin' you can say It's just ol' Luke, and Luke's waitin' on the Judgement Day. ""Well, Luke, my friend, what about young Anna Lee?"" He said, ""Do me a favor, son, woncha stay an' keep Anna Lee company?"" [Chorus:] Crazy Chester followed me, and he caught me in the fog. He said, ""I will fix your rack, if you'll take Jack, my dog."" I said, ""Wait a minute, Chester, you know I'm a peaceful man."" He said, ""That's okay, boy, won't you feed him when you can."" [Chorus:] Catch a cannon ball now, t'take me down the line My bag is sinkin' low and I do believe it's time. To get back to Miss Fanny, you know she's the only one. Who sent me here with her regards for everyone. [Chorus:] Share lyrics ×"
"The Band","""Loving You Is Sweeter Than Ever""","I remember yet before we met That every night and day I had to live the life of a lonely woman I remember meeting you Discovering love can be so true When it's shared by two instead of one When you said you love me (when you said you love me) We could not be parted (we could not be parted) And I built my world around you (I built my world around you) I'm so thankful that I found you And loving you is sweeter than ever (I ain't never felt like this before) Loving you has made my life sweeter than ever, sweeter than ever Each night I pray we'd never part For the love within my heart grows stronger From day to day As best I can, and how I try To reassure and satisfy 'Cause I'd be lost if you went away 'Cause I really need you (really really need you) And I need for you to need me too (If you don't go breaking my heart) I have built my world around you (I have built my world around you) Baby I'm so thankful that I've found you And loving you has made my life sweeter than ever before (I ain't never felt like this before) And loving you has made my life sweeter than ever So much sweeter That's what loving you (loving you) 'Cause I really love (really really love you) And I'm thankful that you love me too (Thankful that you love me too) I have built my world around you (I have built my world around you) I am truly glad, I am truly glad That loving you has made my life sweeter than ever (You don't know how much this means to me) When I'm loving you Me, you, us Sweeter than ever (tell me about it) Loving you has made my life sweeter than ever (You don't know how much this means to me) I'm loving you, you made my life sweeter than ever (You're sweeter than ever baby) Sweeter than ever (sweeter than ever) So much sweeter (sweeter than ever) Loving you Share lyrics ×"
"Johnny Winter","""Mama, Talk to Your Daughter""",NA
"Johnny Winter","""Leland Mississippi Blues""","(Don't mess up slut and I won't either 1-2-3-4) Oh yeah, oh yeah, uh huh, oh yeah I've been in Texas, I've been on the run I've been in Texas, I've been on the run I'm going to Leland, Mississippi, mama You all know that's where I come from Right down on the Delta, man Well, I'm alone, baby, I'm free free from my home Well, I'm alone, I'm free from my home You know I was sittin' right down people On my daddy's cotton farm Come hear, baby, let your long hair down Ah, come here, woman, let your hair down I want you to love me with a feeling 'Cause I'm Mississippi bound The best woman, the best waist in town The best woman, the best waist in town Oh yeah You'll never keep me woman 'Cause I have a travellin' mind Share lyrics ×"
"Johnny Winter","""Mean Town Blues""","Lord my mother she done told me and my father done told me My father told me too, yeah my mother she done told me And my father done told me, my father told me too, it's a mean old town to live in by yourself Yeah, work for a dollar or several thousand, could not save a dime You know I worked for a dollar, or several thousand, man couldn't save a dime Ain't nobody worried and there isn't nobody's crying Yeah, I got my hands outside to get a hold on, try to get some of my cash Lord I try to get my hands outside to get a hold on, try to get some of my cash It's those great big smiles to keep us out of that trash So I packed up my suitcase and I move on down, hit that lonesome road You know I packed up my suitcase and I hit that lonesome, move on down I'm still crying to make it when the day was done Share lyrics ×"
"Johnny Winter","""You Done Lost Your Good Thing Now"" / ""Mean Mistreater""",NA
"Johnny Winter","""I Can't Stand It"" (with Edgar Winter)",NA
"Johnny Winter","""Tobacco Road"" (with Edgar Winter)",NA
"Johnny Winter","""Tell the Truth"" (with Edgar Winter)",NA
"Johnny Winter","""Johnny B. Goode""","Deep down Louisiana close to New Orleans, Way back up in the woods among the evergreens... There stood a log cabin made of earth and wood, Where lived a country boy name of Johnny B. Goode... He never ever learned to read or write so well, But he could play the guitar like ringing a bell. Go Go Go Johnny Go Go Go Johnny B. Goode He use to carry his guitar in a gunny sack And sit beneath the trees by the railroad track. Oh, the engineers used to see him sitting in the shade, Playing to the rhythm that the drivers made. People passing by would stop and say Oh my that little country boy could play His mama told him someday he would be a man, And he would be the leader of a big old band. Many people coming from miles around To hear him play his music when the sun go down Maybe someday his name would be in lights Saying Johnny B. Goode tonight. Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""More and More""","(Al Kooper) If I ever leave you You can say I told you so And if I ever hurt you babe You know I hurt myself as well Chorus: Is that any way for a man to carry on D'you think he wants his little loved one gone? I love you Baby, more than you'll ever know More than you'll ever know When I wasn't makin' too much money You know where my paycheck went You know I brought it home to baby And I never spent one red cent [Chorus:] I'm not tryin' to be Any kind of man I'm tryin' to be somebody You can love, trust, and understand I know that I can be, yeah yeah A part of you that no one else could see I just gotta hear, tohear you say It's all right Yeah, yeah, yeah! I'm only flesh and blood But I can be anything that you demand I could president of General Motors baby, heh Or just a tiny little grain of sand [Chorus:] (Guitar Solo) (Sax Solo) If I ever leave you You can say I told you so And if I ever hurt you baby You know I hurt myself as well [Chorus:] I love you, I love you, I love you baby! Well all right! I told ya, so many times before I love you I love you! If you don't know, then I'll tell ya one more time I love you! I love you! Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""Just One Smile""","(Randy Newman) Can I cry a little bit There's nobody to notice it Can I cry if I want to No one cares Why can't I pretend That you love me again? All I had has been taken from me Now I'm cryin' And tears don't become me Chorus: Just one smile, Pain's forgiven Just one kiss, girl Now the hurt's all gone Just one smile to make my, Make my little life worth living A little dream to build my world upon How I wish I could say All the things that I've got to say How I wish you Could see what's here In My heart I don't ask for much A look, a smile, a touch Try to forget Well, the Lord knows I'm tryin' But it's so hard to forget girl, When your whole world is dyin' Chorus: Yeah. Just one smile, Pain's forgiven Just one kiss, girl Now the hurt's all gone Just one smile to make my, Make my little life worth livin' A little dream to build my world upon (Solos) Try to forget Well, the Lord knows I'm tryin' But it's so hard to forget girl, When your whole world is dyin' [Chorus:] Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""Somethin' Comin' On""","Something coming on, don't know what it is but it's getting stronger Feeling in my bones, hope you let it last a little bit longer Breaking out my head, doing things I never even dreamed of Rolling up my spine, turning on the things that'd never been turned on Suddenly she came in Looked like she'd been gaming Doing things with everybody else When I called out loudly She answered kind o' proudly She spent her life upon the shelf Something coming on, don't know what it is but it's getting stronger I've got a feeling in my bones, and I hope you let it last a little bit longer Breaking out my head, I've been doing things I never even dreamed of Well, rolling up my spine, turning on my things that'd never been turned on Talk about the woman [horns / keyboard break] Suddenly she came in Looked like she'd been gaming Doing things with everybody else When I called out loudly She answered kind o' proudly She spent her life upon the shelf Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""I Love You More Than You'll Ever Know""","(Al Kooper) If I ever leave you You can say I told you so And if I ever hurt you babe You know I hurt myself as well Chorus: Is that any way for a man to carry on D'you think he wants his little loved one gone? I love you Baby, more than you'll ever know More than you'll ever know When I wasn't makin' too much money You know where my paycheck went You know I brought it home to baby And I never spent one red cent [Chorus:] I'm not tryin' to be Any kind of man I'm tryin' to be somebody You can love, trust, and understand I know that I can be, yeah yeah A part of you that no one else could see I just gotta hear, tohear you say It's all right Yeah, yeah, yeah! I'm only flesh and blood But I can be anything that you demand I could president of General Motors baby, heh Or just a tiny little grain of sand [Chorus:] (Guitar Solo) (Sax Solo) If I ever leave you You can say I told you so And if I ever hurt you baby You know I hurt myself as well [Chorus:] I love you, I love you, I love you baby! Well all right! I told ya, so many times before I love you I love you! If you don't know, then I'll tell ya one more time I love you! I love you! Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""Spinning Wheel""","What goes up, must come down Spinnin' wheel, got ta go round Talkin' 'bout your troubles it's a cryin' sin Ride a painted pony, Let the spinnin' wheel spin Ya got no money, and ya Ya got no home Spinnin' wheel all alone Talkin' 'bout your troubles and ya Ya never learn Ride a painted pony, Let the spinnin' wheel turn Did ya find a directing sign On the straight and narrow highway? Would you mind a reflecting sign Just let it shine, within your mind And show you the colours that are real. Someone is waitin' just for you Spinnin' wheel spinnin' to Drop all your troubles by the river side Catch a painted pony On the spinnin' wheel ride... Huh Someone's waitin' just for you Spinnin' wheel's spinnin' true Drop all your troubles by the river side Ride a painted pony, Let the spinnin' wheel fly. Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""Sometimes in Winter""","(Steve Katz) Sometimes in Winter I gaze into the streets And walk through snow and city sleet Behind your room Sometimes in Winter Forgotten memories Remember you behind the trees With leaves that cried By the window once I waited for you Laughing slightly you would run Trees alone would shield us in the meadow Makin' love in the evening sun Now you're gone girl And the lamp posts call your name I can hear, them In the spring of frozen rain Now you're gone girl And the time's slowed down till dawn It's a cold room and the walls ask Where you've gone Sometimes In Winter I love you when the good times Seem like mem'ries int he spring That never came Sometimes In Winter I wish the empty streets Would fill with laughter from the tears That ease my pain Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""Smiling Phases""","(Steve Winwood, James Capaldi, Chris Wood) (These lyrics are as BS&T performed the song, original lyrics differ slightly) Do yourself a favor, Wake up to your mind Life is what you make it You see, but still you're blind Get yourself together, Give before you take You'll find out the hard way, Soon you're gonna break Hey hey hey Smiling phases Showing traces Even if they bust you Keep on smiling through and through And you'll be amazed at the gaze On their faces as they sentence you You don't need a lawyer When you're in a fix Someone gets to pay up Your friends are full of tricks But happiness is something That you just can't buy Own up to the truth girl, Your love has gone on by Smiling Phases bring you flowers You can line 'em up And you can watch 'em grow for hours And you'll be amazed at the way that they stare As they walk by your door. Do yourself a favor, Wake up to your mind Life is what you make it You see, but still you're blind Get yourself together, Give before you take You'll find out the hard way, Soon you're gonna break Hey hey hey Smiling phases Going Places Even if they bust you Keep on smiling through and through And you'll be amazed at the gaze On their faces as they sentence...you!! Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""God Bless the Child""","Them that's got shall get, Them that's not shall lose So the Bible says, And it still is news Mama may have, And papa may have God bless the child that's got his own Well that's got his own And the strong seem to get more, While the weak one's fade Empty pockets don't, Ever make the grade ''cause mama may have, And papa may have God bless the child that's got his own, That's got his own And when ya got money, ya got lots of friends, Crowdin' 'round your door When the money's gone, And all your spendin' ends, They won't be 'round anymore. No, no, no And rich relations may give you, A crust of bread and such You can help yourself, But don't take to much Mama may have, and papa may have God bless the child that's got his own, That's got his own And when ya got money, Ya got lots of friends, They're crowdin' 'round your door When the money's gone, and all your spendin' ends, They won't be 'round anymore. No, no, And rich relations may give you, A crust of bread and such You can help yourself, But don't take to much Mama may have, And papa may have God bless the child who can, Stand up and say""I got my own"" Ev'ry child's got to have his own, Yeah Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""And When I Die""","Blood Sweat & Tears - And When I Die Buy this album! Buy Blood Sweat & Tears Posters! Free Blood Sweat & Tears Music Download! Download ""And When I Die"" now! And When I Die Blood Sweat And Tears Blood, Sweat & Tears Greatest Hits I'm not scared of dying, And I don't really care. If it's peace you find in dying, Well then let the time be near. If it's peace you find in dying, And if dying time is here, Just bundle up my coffin 'Cause it's cold way down there. I hear that it's cold way down there. Yeah, crazy cold way down there. Chorus: And when I die, and when I'm gone, There'll be one child born In this world to carry on, To carry on. Now troubles are many, they're as deep as a well. I can swear there ain't no heaven but I pray there ain't no hell. Swear there ain't no heaven and I pray there ain't no hell, But I'll never know by living, only my dying will tell. Yes only my dying will tell. Yeah, only my dying will tell. Chorus Give me my freedom for as long as I be. All I ask of living is to have no chains on me. All I ask of living is to have no chains on me, And all I ask of dying is to go naturally. Oh I want to go naturally. Here I go, Hey Hey! Here comes the devil, Right Behind. Look out children, Here he comes! Here he comes! Hey... Don't want to go by the devil. Don't want to go by demon. Don't want to go by Satan, Don't want to die uneasy. Just let me go naturally. And when I die, When I'm dead, dead and gone, There'll be one child born in our world to carry on, To carry on. Yeah, yeah... Share lyrics ×"
"Blood, Sweat & Tears","""You've Made Me So Very Happy""","I've lost at love before Got mad and closed the door But you said try, just once more I chose you for the one Now I'm havin' so much fun You treated me so kind I'm about to lose my mind You made me so very happy I'm so glad you Came into my life The others were untrue But when it came to lovin' you I'd spend my whole life with you 'cause you came and you took control You touched my very soul You always showed me that Lovin' you is where it's at You made me so very happy I'm so glad you Came into my life I love you so much it seems You're even in my dreams I can hear you Yeah I can hear you calling me I'm so in love with you All I ever want to do is Thank you baby Thank you baby You made me so very happy You made me so very happy baby I'm so glad you came Into my life Every day of my life I wanna thank you You made me so very happy Oh, I wanna spend my life with you Thank you baby Thank you baby Share lyrics ×"
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Suite: Judy Blue Eyes""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Blackbird"" (The Beatles cover)",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Helplessly Hoping""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Guinnevere""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Marrakesh Express""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""4 + 20""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Mr. Soul""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Wonderin’""[14]",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""You Don't Have to Cry""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Pre-Road Downs""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Long Time Gone""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Bluebird Revisited""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Sea of Madness""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Wooden Ships""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""Find the Cost of Freedom""",NA
"Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young","""49 Bye-Byes""",NA
"Paul Butterfield Blues Band","""Born Under a Bad Sign""",NA
"Paul Butterfield Blues Band","""No Amount of Loving""",NA
"Paul Butterfield Blues Band","""Driftin' and Driftin'""","I'm driftin' and driftin', like a ship out on the sea I'm driftin' and driftin', like a ship out on the sea Nobody seems to want me Except the wide and open sea My ship ain't got no captain, my ship ain't got no crew My ship ain't got no captain, my ship ain't got no crew Doin' that tide dare blow me and my past and future too I look around for a savior to search me from the hungry sea I look around for a savior to search me from the hungry sea Maybe he's down at the bottom, waiting patiently for me Share lyrics ×"
"Paul Butterfield Blues Band","""Morning Sunrise""",NA
"Paul Butterfield Blues Band","""All in a Day""",NA
"Paul Butterfield Blues Band","""Love March""",NA
"Paul Butterfield Blues Band","""Everything's Gonna Be Alright""",NA
"Sha Na Na","""Get a Job""","Yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip Mum mum mum mum mum mum Get a job, sha na na na, sha na na na na Ev'ry morning about this time She get me out of my bed A-crying, get a job After breakfast ev'ry nay She throws the want ads right my way And never fails to say Get a job, sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip Mum mum mum mum mum mum Get a job, sha na na na, sha na na na na And when I get the paper I read it through and through And my girl never fails to say If there is any work for me And when I go back to the house I hear the woman's mouth Preaching and a-crying Tell me that I'm lying 'Bout a job that I never could find Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip Mum mum mum mum mum mum Get a job, sha na na na And when I get the paper I read it through and through And my girl never fails to say If there is any work for me And when I go back to the house I hear the woman's mouth Preaching and a-crying Tell me that I'm lying 'Bout a job that I never could find Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Yip yip yip yip yip yip yip yip Mum mum mum mum mum mum Get a job, sha na na na, sha na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Sha na na na, sha na na na na Share lyrics ×"
"Sha Na Na","""Come Go with Me""","Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart Love, love me darlin' Come and go with me, Please don't send me 'way beyond the sea; I need you, darlin', So come go with me.Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Tell me, darlin', We will never part; I need you, darlin', So come go with me.Yes, I need you, Yes, I really need you, Please say you'll never leave me. Well, say, you never, Yes, you really never, You never give me a chance.Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Tell me, darlin', We will never part; I need you, darlin', So come go with me.(Music)Yes, I need you, Yes, I really need you, Please say you'll never leave me. Well, say, you never, Yes, you really never, You never give me a chance.Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Tell me, darlin', We will never part; I need you, darlin', So come go with me.Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Come, come, come, come, Come into my heartCome, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart, Come, come, come, come, Come into my heart Share lyrics ×"
"Sha Na Na","""Silhouettes""",NA
"Sha Na Na","""Teen Angel""","Teen angel, teen angel, teen angel, ooh, ooh That fateful night the car was stalled upon the railroad track I pulled you out and we were safe, but you went running back [Chorus] Teen angel, can you hear me? Teen angel, can you see me? Are you somewhere up above And I am still your own true love? What was it you were looking for that took your life that night? They said they found my high school ring clutched in your fingers tight [Chorus] Just sweet sixteen, and now you're gone They've taken you away. I'll never kiss your lips again They buried you today [Chorus] Teen angel, teen angel, answer me, please Share lyrics ×"
"Sha Na Na","""(Marie's the Name) His Latest Flame""",NA
"Sha Na Na","""Wipe Out""",NA
"Sha Na Na","""Book of Love""","I wonder, wonder who, who-oo-ooh, who (Who wrote the Book Of Love) Tell me, tell me, tell me Oh, who wrote the Book Of Love I've got to know the answer Was it someone from above (Oh, I wonder, wonder who, ummbadoo-ooh, who) (Who wrote the Book Of Love) I love you, Darlin' Baby, you know I do But I've got to see this Book of Love Find out why it's true (Oh, I wonder, wonder who, ummbadoo-ooh, who) (Who wrote the Book Of Love) Chapter One says to love her You love her with all your heart Chapter Two you tell her you're Never, never, never, never, never gonna part In Chapter Three remember the meaning of romance In Chapter Four you break up But you give her just one more chance (Oh, I wonder, wonder who, ummbadoo-ooh, wWho) (Who wrote the Book Of Love) Baby, baby, baby I love you, yes I do Well it says so in this Book Of Love Ours is the one that's true (Oh, I wonder, wonder who, ummbadoo-ooh, who) (Who wrote the Book Of Love) Chapter One says to love her You love her with all your heart Chapter Two you tell her you're Never, never, never, never, never gonna part In Chapter Three remember the meaning of romance In Chapter Four you break up But you give her just one more chance (Oh, I wonder, wonder who, ummbadoo-ooh, Who) (Who wrote the Book Of Love) Baby, baby, baby I love you, yes I do Well it says so in this Book Of Love Ours is the one that's true (Oh, I wonder, wonder who, ummbadoo-ooh, who) (Who wrote the Book Of Love) I wonder who (yeah) Who wrote the Book Of Love Share lyrics ×"
"Sha Na Na","""Teenager in Love"" (The sole song from the festival for which no recording has yet surfaced.)",NA
"Sha Na Na","""Little Darlin'"" (Only a recording of the last 44 seconds is currently known to exist.)",NA
"Sha Na Na","""At the Hop""","Bah bah bah bah, bah bah bah bah Bah bah bah bah, bah bah bah bah At the hop Well, you can rock it, you can roll it You can stop and you can stroll it at the hop When the record starts spinnin' You chalypso when you chicken at the hop You do the dance sensation That is sweepin' the nation at the hop Let's go to the hop Let's go to the hop, oh baby Let's go to the hop, oh baby Let's go to the hop Come on, let's go to the hop, let's go You can swing it, you can groove it You can really start to move it at the hop Where the jockey is the coolest And the music is the smoothest at the hop All the cats and chicks can get their kicks at the hop So let's go Let's go to the hop Let's go to the hop, oh baby Let's go to the hop, oh baby Let's go to the hop Come on, let's go to the hop, let's go Bah bah bah bah, bah bah bah bah Bah bah bah bah, bah bah bah bah At the hop Share lyrics ×"
"Sha Na Na","""Duke of Earl""",NA
"Sha Na Na","""Get a Job (Reprise)""",NA
"Jimi Hendrix","""Message to Love""","One, two, one, two, three Well I travel at the speed unknown to man And I'm carrying A message from the mirrors of my hand I said A message of love don't you hid away Face the mirrors of your mind Face the truth today Well I am what I am thank god Lord some people just don't understand Help them god I said find yourself first And then your tool Find yourself first Just don't be no fool I see A woman comin' I see ya layin' on your back For the birth of pleasure I see you on the right track Fun for free is free You ain't supposed to please Now don't rely on no man Now try to understand I said find yourself first And then your talent Work hard in your mind Go come alive And proove to the man Your as strong as him In the eyes of god Everybody come alive Everybody come alive Everybody come alive Everybody love A lot Everybody love A lot Everybody love A lot Everybody love A lot Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Hear My Train A Comin'""","Well I Wait around train station waitin' for that train Waiting for the train, yeah To take me, yeah From this lonesome place Well now whole lot a people put me down without a change, yeah My girl then called me a discrace Dig With tears burnin' yeah With tears burning me, yeah With tears burning me way down in my heart Well you know it's too bad little girl it's too bad To bad we, have to part Have to part Hmmm hm hmmm hmmm hm hmmm... Dig, Goin' to leave this town, yeah Got to leave this town Gonna to make a whole lot of money Gonna be big, yeah Gonna be big, yeah I'm gonna buy this town Gonna buy this town And put it all, in my shoes Might even give a piece to you That's what I'm gonna do What I'm gonna do What I'm gonna do Do think I'd do that Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Spanish Castle Magic""","It's very far away It takes about a half and a day to get there If we travel by my uh, dragon-fly No it's not in Spain But all the same you know, it's a groovy name And the wind's just right. Hey! Hang on my darling Hang on if you wanna go Here it's a really groovy place It's uh, just a little bit of uh, said uh, Spanish Castle Magic. The clouds are really low And they overflow with cotton candy And battle grounds red and brown But it's all in your mind Don't think your time on bad things Just float your little mind around Look out! Ow! Hang on my darling, yeah Hang on if you wanna go Get on top, really let me groove baby with uh Just a little bit of Spanish Castle Magic. Yeah baby, Here's some Yeah, ok babe, ok It's still all in your mind babe Oww! Yeah! Ah! Hang on my darling, hey Hang on, hang on if you wanna go And it's happening, oh no, damn hey! That's right baby, listen A little bit of Spanish Castle Magic Hey! Little bit of Spanish Castle Magic Hey hey! I can't uh, sing this song, no Yeah, ok baby Get on baby Yeah It's all in your mind baby Little bit of daydream here and there Oh! Yeah! Ooh! Yeah! Ow! Ev'rything's gonna be alright! Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Red House"" (Hendrix's high E-string broke while playing, but he played the rest of the song with five strings.)",NA
"Jimi Hendrix","""Mastermind"" (written and sung by Larry Lee. The recording has never been officially released as the Hendrix estate has prohibited it for ""aesthetic reasons"").",NA
"Jimi Hendrix","""Lover Man""","Jimi: ""ok, here we go. I'm gonna try it with the long beginning ok. Then, then, I'm gonna Do the weak start. Ok"" ""WHAT'S IT CALLED JIMI?"" Jimi: ""HERE HE COMES"" ""HERE HE COMES TAKE ONE"" Here he comes, I say Here comes your lover now Here he comes Here comes your lover man Aah I gotta get my head from this pillow I gotta get outta your No heart fellin's Reach down baby and get my runnin' shoes Oh yeah Reach down baby and get my runnin' shoes I gotta get outta here and I got no time to lose Hey Here he comes Here comes your lover now Here he comes Here comes your lover man I gotta get my suitcase And get the hell outta just as fast as I can Here he comes baby Here he comes baby Here he comes baby Here he comes baby Doo doo.... Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Foxy Lady""","Foxy Foxy You know you're a cute little heartbreaker Foxy You know you're a sweet little lovemaker Foxy I wanna take you home I won't do you no harm, no You've got to be all mine, all mine Ooh, foxy lady I see you, heh, on down on the scene Foxy You make me wanna get up and scream Foxy Ah, baby listen now I've made up my mind I'm tired of wasting all my precious time You've got to be all mine, all mine Foxy lady Here I come I'm gonna take you home I won't do you no harm, no You've got to be all mine, all mine Here I come I'm comin' to get ya Foxy lady You look so good Yeah, foxy Yeah, give us some Foxy Yeah, get it, babe You make me feel like Feel like sayin' foxy Foxy Foxy lady Foxy lady Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Jam Back at the House""","Jimi: ""yeah well a like I said before we only ran up a few numbers so let Me try and do this one like we were just jammin' at the house we don't have A name for yet it's just like an instrumental so we'll just go along with it. It goes somthin' like this. "" No lyrics. It's an insturmental like jimi said, but a great instrumental. Jimi: ""before we go any further we'd like to say that you all really had a lot of pashents Three days worth. You've prooved to the world what can happen with a little bit of Love and sounds. Oh, I left my girlfriend at home I'm sorry. I'd like to do a thing That a new american anthem until we get another on together. This is called 'voodoo Child (slight return)'. "" Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Izabella""","Jimi: ""yeah, thank you very much. I'd like to do this song dedicated To maybe A soldier in the army. Singin' about his old lady that He dreams about and humpin' A machine gun instead or it could be Could be A cat maybe tryin' to fall in love with that girl baby, But A little bit too scared. That's where the problems come from Sometimes isn't it? I meen the cat is really insecure A little bit So the call girls groupies and they call girls this. And they call Passive people hippies and bla bla, woof, woof, all down the line That's because their not in love man that's what's happening. That's The other half of A man, is woman. And we'd like to play A thing called Izabella, and don't you ever forget it. "" Izabella Girl, I dream about you every night Every night Hey, girl you know we got A war Got A war to fight So I think about you every day Oh, and I hope you listen to me right Hey, izabella Girl, I'm fighting this war for the you Hey little girl I fight this war for the children and the world and you So I hope you hear me baby, yeah Cause what I try to tell you is true Hey Izabella I fight this war for the children and you Hey girl, I said I fight this war for the children and you Please save your love for me Then I'll know the fightin' is true Izabella Hey Izabella I'm gonna fight this war against nature, my heart Jimi: ""thank you very much. And I'd like to go on with another slow thing. I'd like to get by with A little bit of jam messin' around with back At the house. I think we're going to call ""get my heart back together Again"" Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Gypsy Woman""/""Aware of Love"" (These two songs written by Curtis Mayfield were sung by Larry Lee as a medley. The recording has never been officially released as the Hendrix estate has prohibited it for ""aesthetic reasons"".)",NA
"Jimi Hendrix","""Fire""","Alright! Now dig this baby! You don't care for me, I don't care about that. You got a new fool, Hah, I like him like that. I have only one burning desire, Let me stand next to your fire. [Let me stand next to your fire] Hey, let me stand next to your fire [Let me stand next to your fire] Oh, let me stand baby [Let me stand next to your fire] Let me stand [Let me stand next to your fire] Yeah baby Listen here baby, Stop acting so crazy! You say your mom ain't home, It ain't my concern. Just don't play with me, And you won't get burned. I have only one itching desire, Let me stand next to your fire [Let me stand next to your fire] Yeah, let me stand next to your fire [Let me stand next to your fire] Let me stand [Let me stand next to your fire] Oh, Let me stand Oh, move over Rover, And let Jimi take over. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about Yeah! Get on with it baby! That's what I'm talking about. Now dig this! Ha! Now listen baby! You try to give me your money, You better save it babe. Save it for your rainy day. I have only one burning desire, Let me stand next to your fire. [Let me stand next to your fire] Oh, let me stand [Let me stand next to your fire] Let me stand baby [Let me stand next to your fire] I ain't gonna do you no harm [Let me stand next to your fire] Oh Yeah! You better move it baby. .. I ain't gonna hurt you baby. .. Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Voodoo Child (Slight Return)""/""Stepping Stone""",NA
"Jimi Hendrix","""The Star-Spangled Banner""","O! Say can you see, by the dawn's early light What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight For the reparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming and the rockets red glare and bombs bursting in air Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there O! Say does that star spangled banner yet wave For the land of the free And the home of the brave Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Purple Haze""","Purple haze all in my brain Lately things just don't seem the same Actin' funny, but I don't know why 'Scuse me while I kiss the sky Purple Haze all around Don't know if I'm comin' up or down Am I happy or in misery? What ever it is, that girl put a spell on me Help me Help me Oh, no, no [faint, spoken lyrics...all questionable] Hammerin' Talkin' 'bout heart 'n'...s-soul I'm talkin' about hard stuff If everbodys still around, fluff and ease, if So far out my mind Somethings happening, somethings happening Ooo, ahhh Ooo, {click} ahhh, Ooo, ahhh Ooo, ahhh, YEAH! Purple haze all in my eyes, uhh Don't know if its day or night You got me blowin', blowin' my mind Is it tomorrow, or just the end of time? Ooo Help me Ahh, yea-yeah, purple haze, yeah Oh, no, oh Oh, help me Purple haze, Tell me, baby, tell me I can't go on like this Purple haze You're makin' me blow my mind...mama Purple haze, n-no, nooo Purple haze, no, its painful, baby Share lyrics ×"
"Jimi Hendrix","""Woodstock Improvisation"" (title is posthumous)",NA
"Jimi Hendrix","""Villanova Junction"" (title is posthumous)",NA
"Jimi Hendrix","""Hey Joe"" (encore)",NA
